 Now I think I just found the right video. The cost of living in the Philippines as a day in my life aboard. I mean, let's see if the Philippines is expensive or cheap. I mean, I know they're cheap, but how cheap is the Philippines? That's my question that I want him to answer and hopefully he can. This time, I'm going to be mixing things up a bit and giving you a special peek into my life here in the Philippines. And he lives in the Philippines. I'm living on the main island of Luzone for over two years now and it's been such an incredible experience. Today, I'm specifically going to focus on a common curiosity for foreigners thinking about moving abroad. Okay. How much does it actually cost to live here? I might be considering it. I'm not going to lie. I might be considering it. Philippines. I love the Philippines. I got a lot of Philippine fans. They're loving people. I'm not going to lie. Years ago, when I just started getting outside of the United States, to go to the world. I often wondered what it would be like if I suddenly plop myself down into a foreign country with no return ticket home. How challenging would it be to adapt? Could I find ways to live like a local, and afford it? Very challenging. Over time, and with experience, I realized that adjusting to life overseas wasn't as daunting as I had originally expected. And the cost of living abroad, especially in a place like Southeast Asia, could be much lower than anticipated. I do hope that the information in this video will be insightful and useful for many of you out there. And for my very supportive audience here in the Philippines, I'm totally aware that I'm going to be covering a lot of what you already know as locals. But, I would greatly appreciate if you can drop a line in the comments below with your tips and suggestions for expats and travelers. This is going to be a good video. Oh, if you can give a shout out to your favorite destination across the Philippines islands. I don't have a favorite destination yet, but I'm going to enjoy this video. I'm going to enjoy this video because I do want to take a trip out here sometime in my life. Do you want to take a trip out here? Somewhere special and off the beaten path? I would really like to see you. Maybe do a collab with SB19. Okay, so how much do I pay to live here in the Philippines? Well, oh yeah. Oh yeah. I was getting it. I was getting it. I want to see this. I got so many questions that he's probably not going to even answer because this is only the cost of living. But, I want to know what's the average height in the Philippines. I want to know, I want to know so much is crazy, so much. So, hopefully everybody can answer my questions in the comments. I want to know the average height. I want to know, what's the best thing to do in the Philippines besides karaoke because I know that's top one. What's top two? Another thing I want to know is how big is the Philippines? Like how big is this? That's also one of that. I got so many questions. It's crazy. I'm going to just continue. So right now I'm staying in Anglic city, which is about an hour north of Manila. English city. I really like living here because you have this large urban setting. Manila. That's right next door to the Zambalist mountain range and vast tropical countryside. It's just beautiful. I love immersing myself in nature. That looks nice. You're by wilderness. So this location provides an excellent blend of city and country life. There's palm trees out there. I'm not on a terribly busy street. Come along this pathway and I'll show you my apartment. Let's get it. I'm on the second floor so fortunately I get a bit of a view of the Jagged mountains off to the west. That's nice, Vee. It makes for some amazing sunsets for sure. That was pretty nice. Okay. Welcome to my little studio apartment, which I'm currently renting from a kind Filipino land lady just down the street. I didn't need a lot of space so I was fine with the basics for a fully furnished unit. This is my living room. You can see I have my couch on one side, a TV on the other. This is my dining slash work desk. Got a window for some natural light which is great. And the all-important air conditioner. I'm so happy I have that especially for the scorching hot months. Needs that. And then over here I have a kitchen with appliances and dishes. I heard it is very hot in the Philippines. I have heard that it is very hot. His house looked very compacted. Is that the bathroom right near the kitchen? This is very compact. I wouldn't be used to living like this. But I probably could make it happen if I have like an office so I could still do my YouTube videos and stuff. I probably could make it happen. But living with like two, three people, this is pretty tiny. This is small. But you got to see it there. You're not on the streets. On the other side, this is my large bed. His room is inside of his kitchen and his kitchen inside of his bathroom. This is a studio. This is tiny. But I wonder if in the Philippines do they count this as a one bedroom house? Because where I'm from they count this as a studio when you're kitchen and your bedroom is like close to each other like this and your bathroom, this is a studio. This is a closet space on the other side. This is kind of interesting. Right over here I have another small kitchen. This is called a wet kitchen here. Wait, what the? So I can do cleaning or do preparation for cooking. A wet kitchen. He has another kitchen. You got two kitchens. Hold up. Tom out. Tom out, Philippines. Tom out. Yeah, I have two kitchens. These little things right here goes to washer and dryer but that's where I live at. Yeah, we all have a lot of questions to answer for me in a comment. So we want to get these comments. We want to get them going. We want to get them going. Two kitchens question mark. And not have the smells come inside. On the left, this is my bathroom and they generously sized shower. That's a nice shower. It's a nice cold water. Nice shower. Yeah, pretty much everything that I need for a tiny cozy place like this. Yeah, that's pretty nice. At the moment, I'm currently renting this studio with Wi-Fi included for a price of 13,000 pesos per month. He only paid $271 a month? Philippines. If y'all watching this, if I told you how much I'd pay, y'all would faint. $250 a month. That's just rent. $1250 a month. Yes, US is pricey. Pricey. That also includes cleaning twice a month. Now there are definitely places throughout the city that are... You pay $271. It includes cleaning Wi-Fi and the shelter over your head. I'm going to get my suitcase and this I think is time to move. I think I have a nice journey out there. Oh no. Much cheaper. For example, you can find a small and furnished apartment for as low as 5,000 pesos per month. However, I need a journey to... For $4.00? For this and internet. I need that. So, unfortunately to find a pretty good deal for this gated apartment complex in such a convenient location. For the Philippines, the internet speed is decent. Let's do a test now. Let's see. So, yeah, between 40 and 50 NPPS download speed and about 25 to 30 NPPS upload speed. Oh man. Which is enough for me. It's decent. Not worth paying for the internet service. It would be about 1,500 pesos per month. And also if I were to schedule additional cleaning, that would be about 300 pesos for every cleaning session. That's not bad. When you say pesos, 300 and 800 pesos, I'd be thinking of freaking $800, $300.00. Not going to lie. But that's not bad. Am I? Internet's a little better. It should be way better. But it's a little better than that. As for utilities, the cost of city water is about 213 pesos. Well, the cost of electricity is approximately 2,500 pesos. 52 dollars. Of course. The cost of electricity can change quite a bit during the hotter months. Uh-oh. Oh, and while I do use tap water for cooking, I do order purified drinking water from a local supplier. And they have numerous filters in place to ensure the water is safe to drink. Each blue container holds 20 liters and costs 25 pesos to refill. Bitty says. Also, delivery is free. And delivery is free? Oh, before I forget. Fresh water. I've got to run a few errands, so why don't you come with me? I'll just quickly drop this off outside. I didn't bring any luggage, but I'm ready. The feed and trash collection in front of my unit is minimal. Only 200 pesos per month. This is nice. This is nice. Not online. I sure to walk away from my front door. I have a handy. Is that three people on a freaking mole pad? Wow. Laundry shop. That's a lot. Which is similar to many others scattered around towns and cities throughout the Philippines. Now it's tremendously convenient because I can just come and drop off my dirty clothes and then return later once they've been washed, dried and neatly folded by shop employees. Mm-hmm. Now here, the price is 28 pesos per kilo of clothing. So for me, that works out to be about 300 pesos per month for Laundry. That's not bad. That's not bad. That's not bad at all. Six dollars a month for washing clothes. I pay that in a day to wash my clothes. Yes. I pay that in a day to wash my clothes. Philippines like, I'm never moving to the US. I'm never moving to the US. Nice and clean. Welcome. And she's nice. Oh, it must be the little city part. Okay. Got another question for you in the Philippines. I wonder if you have, is the main transportation of the Philippines dirt bikes and bikes? I mean, I see cars, of course, but is the main transportation like the designated transportation? Is it dirt bikes and bikes? That's my question. That's a crazy looking dirt bike. That's my city. What is this? A stadium? Let's head inside and grab some groceries. That's a grocery store. Wait, hold up. This man said grab groceries. This is a freaking mall. They have a Yavit H&M. We have an H&M. What else I have? Yavits Starbucks. We got Starbucks. I got a little with Mary going around the middle. We had that. We don't have a hyper market. What's that little mask you got on? I'm not going to lie. Yav is almost the same prices as ours, but I was probably like, it's probably adding on about like $2.00 more than what y'all see in at $2.00 to that. And that's probably how much our groceries are. So each thing he just picked up. Sometimes cheaper. Obviously, like many other places throughout Southeast Asia, going to local wet markets will be cheaper when it comes to lots of fruits and veggies. By the time being, however, I feel a little bit more at ease buying produce here in the supermarket. I feel like he didn't buy much. Okay, the grand total for this little shopping spree was $1,374. $20.00. I would say an average, I spend between $4,000 and $7,000 pesos for groceries and kitchen supplies every month. I tend to splurge a bit on things like cheese, sauces, yogurt and imported cereals. So that can lead to higher prices at checkout. With all this talk of food, what do you say we go for a picnic? Come on. I thought you was going to say fast food, but picnic works. Perfect day to be outside and enjoying such amazing weather. Although I think I'm starting to get a sunburn already. I always burn here. But check this out. I'm going to order some food using food pandas. Let's go. Now, food panda is one of the most popular food. Now he's talking my language, ordering the food, and now you're talking my language. It's all in my language. It's out there in Asia. It's kind of similar to Dordash Uber Eats. Oh snap. Yeah, I got this. Okay. I'm going to order a big Mcdonalds. And you can see from the app, they have a lot of great discounts. This is very common. They've got to make Donalds, bro. These are online food delivery companies. They got $50 discount up to $75 pesos off. So that's about a dollar and a half. Uh-huh. Pretty good. $8.30. It's not bad. And we're set. The food should be here in about 20 minutes. 20 minutes. Anytime, let me talk about credit for calling, texting, and mobile data. What you mean credit? You need credit for calling, texting, and mobile data. Post-paid phone plans are offered all over the place, but I prefer to have more control over what I pay based on what I need from month to month. Okay. Basically, I pay cash to load credit onto my phone at a grocery store or 7-Eleven. And then I subscribe to a prepaid call, text, and or data plan that is valid for one day, three days, or a full month if needed. I usually pay about 250 pesos per month for someone who needs unlimited calls, texts, and a fair amount of data on a daily basis, prices range between 300 and 500 pesos on the lower end. Six to 10. Data speeds are inconsistent, but improving over time. 4G LTE is available in most urban areas, and 5G is now rapidly expanding. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. One megabits crazy. I've been guessing help problems in six months. I'm guessing help people who attention to me but who care about me and others but who care about me often and fj aspect of people. And look like Liverpool. I'm pretty sure it's not Liverpool. I hate Liverpool. I hate Liverpool. I hate Liverpool. Aest users I've ever had at any fast food restaurant globally. I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have. And look back back back back back back back back back back back back back. I have I have I have I have I have been there before, or I'll be scared and forget whether. However original but I am about to be this way and never tried a spicy chicken tonight. But I've just had there for this dawn and�t to be that type of happening. But I've just had there for this th defenses and not at all at all aah, Yeah, and then I'll show you a bit more. I'll get it Matt. I'm ready big Mac with the fries with the Two drinks is crazy, but As for getting around I ended up buying my own Honda beat scooter Mm-hmm. This is a 2019 model and just perfect for quick trips all over the city Is that the little motor right there? I ended up buying this for 43,000 pesos with about 4,000 kilometers on the odometer 896 dollars sound expensive, but did not think about it. I'm like $896 not expensive for a bike. That's not expensive with only 2,000 miles on it Philippine jaw yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm willing me in y'all you took that fishing rod And y'all willing me in y'all willing me in I'm seeing some good prices man amazing prices Pracin paperwork and basic insurance for about 2,000 pesos So Come to think about it. I could do you to live in the Philippines and be able to I feel like be able to live out there Will change for about 200 pesos. I'll change his $4 I've got to say having a scooter makes a huge difference. Oh change for me is like That's easy $110 super efficient. I do my own oil changes though all no mechanic Hmm They pump they pump your get the hood of they pump your gas for you in the Philippines Yeah, I really go on defeat which as far as I know is only offered in Asia offers mind-blowing fuel efficiency On average it gets about 140 miles per gallon So it's three liters for 164 pesos Roughly every month I pay 600 pesos for gas now that is hard to beat That's impossible to beat 1250 a month Let's try somewhere between 153 on it somewhere between that somewhere between that it depends on much you drive to be honest it differs And he got a and it's a Honda bike Honda's good I feel like I feel like I will have the time of my life Another thing I have to take care of today is my visa for the Philippines. So I'm now at another shopping mall about 15 minutes away from my place Uh-huh, and inside they have a field office for the Bureau of immigration. Okay, so I'm going ahead and show you exactly how I'm able to stay here legally Let me see this Hello Hello Let me watch my video ads that's all I'm trying to do make sure you don't skip the ads So So when I first arrived in the Philippines prior to the pandemic Uh-huh, it's given a stamp at the airport or a visa on arrival Which allowed me to stay in the country under a tourist visa for a little less than a month I think 28 days to be exact But if a foreign visitor decides to extend their stay in the country just like I did The Philippines Bureau of immigration offers two months and six month extensions And these can be obtained over and over For six month extension is only offered in Manila. So I choose to give an extension every two months at this field office Yeah, just extension Thank you very much All I have to do is fill out a small form with my information provide my expiring visa and passport pay the extension fee at the cashier's desk and then wait about two hours to retrieve my passport and New visa extension document Normally I just grab a bite to eat and do a bit of shopping in the mall to pass the time Today I'm paying two cards. It one is the typical extension fee of 2,840 pesos And another one is a yearly fee that you have to pay for an i card It's an identification card for foreigners here and that is 2,400 pesos 50 dollars, okay? I usually end up paying about 20,000 pesos per year for immigration charges and Visa extension fees for 17 dollars really isn't that bad. It's not it's not in some other day You have to completely leave and come back for visa renewal every so often I'm thankful. I don't have to go through that hassle. Yeah, that's good. Well, that was pain free After turning in my forms a few hours ago I now have my Passport and official document showing that my visa is valid for another two months. There you go There you go. It's that easy. That's simple. Let's take a few hours It's still our whole day ahead of you. I think that has to be the cheapest amount. I've ever paid for parking 10 pesos 21 cents Wow, how many malls is out the Philippines? I mean malls is all here Central Park tower That's nice Five of visit here you will see me up here. I don't know where he at, but you will see me over here, bro You'll see me in this pool. This is nice You Pint house hotel This is nice Alrighty as the day starts to wind down. I thought I'd take you to one of my favorite rooftop restaurants in the city It's a restaurant 88 Street 88 Street really a beautiful spot because from all around you get an extra Use of the area on one side you can see Mount Arayat, which is a lone and active Mount Arayat he's seen from all around Pampanga and on the other you can make out the rich line of his Zambalus mountains I mentioned earlier Pampaga stunning So this evening. I'm ordering one of the top sellers here. It's the pork steak with pepper sauce And it comes with two side dishes I'm also getting an iced tea and the total for all of this is 420 pesos Can you believe it to eat on a rooftop? It's rare to find a rooftop restaurant in any city with prices like that. That's why I said on a rooftop Look at everything and answer today's burning question. Uh-huh. How much does it actually cost for me to live in the Philippines? If I had to gas like a total amount that you spend yearly American money Say about five thousand dollars or less pesos Yeah, you lost me a doubt one A million pesos. Oh, no, bro I didn't mention earlier like what I paid to get a haircut Yeah, haircut and even a massage Missilanius will include optional expenses like going out to eats, ordering food online or even going out to the movies 4200 so that's about Quick math About 403 between three three five hundred three between that My mind is good. I'll wait. Hold up. We got more. These are going to be on the side But for most other payments. I will put that in the monthly expenses category When we add So $45,000 oh wait no, no, no, I'm tripping that's 45,000 pesos $938 bra Everything together so cheap monthly total it comes just below an estimated 28,600 pesos So on American money you will be able to live here making a thousand plus a year bra I make that in two weeks with pesos You'd be able to live here. It'll look like a good 50,000 Peso 50,000 pesos depends where you live, how you eat and depends how your life is but The prices are crazy man. These are cheap very cheap prices. This might be one of the cheapest prices I ever seen It's very cheap but it's far below what you would be paying for lecture. I can tell you this I'm going to the Philippines. I could probably stay for like two weeks and have a blast vacation By me just bringing my American money. I will have a blast vacation And while I will have content on content Are you living here in Southeast Asia? Easy Of course, it's only a fraction of what I'd likely be paying and I know I wouldn't have fun In the United States United States expensive So pricey Oh my god That's the Lichioso that looks so good. I better not let it get cold Thank you so much for joining me today My hope is that this has been interesting and beneficial for you This was good and such a joy for me to live here in the Philippines for several years And my desire is to pass on what I have learned to you through my personal experiences Wherever your future global adventures lead. I wish you and your loved ones many happy trails ahead This video was needed because now I'm like bra. I have to visit the Philippines Especially if it's this cheap if it's this cheap I know I would have fun. I wouldn't stress or anything I would have a blast vacation The internet here in the Philippines is decent. I died laughing. He's being too polite So I'm guessing the internet is not good. I'm guessing the internet is not good So I probably won't be uploading any videos down there Oh man, let me see what else we got in the comments. I like reading comments man be fighting the video I just love reading them There are some long comments. So I'm not gonna read all of them. I guess I'll read them At the next video is over but uh this was needed Um, hopefully I answered all my questions in the comments man. Hopefully I answered all the questions If you enjoyed this video make sure you smash the sub like the video go make sure you make sure you subscribe to Nate hopefully Nate, hopefully make sure you subscribe to this man. He deserves a hundred K subscribers for sure This was very needed anybody want to go to the Philippines or take a visit I request for them to watch this video like this is a really good video to watch if you want to work prices Looking like but like I said living living and doing vacations and all this other stuff is different. We going out here So prices will be different With that being said, hopefully enjoyed the video man Smash the sub hit that notification bell and go check out some more of my videos on the channel Love