 Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, I'm Ali Gayang, I'm so happy to be here with you guys because we will be reacting to a very interesting video. So as you may know, the FIBA World Cup is ongoing in the Philippines and in other countries, it's also taking place in the Philippines, which means that a lot of foreigners have traveled to the Philippines to watch the games, right? Unfortunately, the Philippines, they have already been eliminated from the World Cup and I'm really bummed about that because I know how much Filipinos love basketball in the NBA so that kinda sucks, but at least Canada is still in it. Yes, we made it to the semi-finals that will take place this Friday, which means on the day that you will be watching this video. So I'm crossing my fingers that we make it to the finals. How crazy would it be if in the finals it's Canada vs USA? Oh my goodness, I have to watch that game. But yeah, this reaction video is all about foreigners' first impression of the Philippines and that's why I am really happy to watch this video because I know, I mean I'm certain that they will have fantastic things to say about the Philippines. I cannot imagine foreigners saying bad stuff about the Philippines and even if there are some criticism about the Philippines, I don't think that it will be like a big deal. The good stuff about the Philippines always overshadows the bad side, you know what I'm saying? I'm excited to see what they're gonna say. Before we start, if you are new to this channel, welcome, my name is Oveira and I am a beat maker, sound engineer and content creator on YouTube. I would really appreciate it if you would consider subscribing to the channel and smashing the like button for more content like this and make sure to follow me on Instagram at Music Game News because that is where you can be and me your suggestions and without further ado, let's jump right into it. In this video, what is your first impression of the Philippines? The people are very humble, very welcoming, very sweet. Friendsy people. Very beautiful. Everyone here is super nice. I love it here. Everyone is so kind, so supportive. I love this country. How long have you been in the Philippines? Three days. Hey, that's Anthony Edwards. No, not Anthony Edwards, what's his name? Something Anthony. La Bancelopeena Spuso. I need to ask, of course, some foreigners about he's clearly African, I can tell by his accent. The Philippines. Share the video with the whole baron guy. Let's go to the first part of the video. I know, okay, we're going. Excuse me, so what's his name? Luana. Luana, we're in the Philippines. I love you all, kids. You look beautiful. Thank you. Our whole family came to represent Angola, so we have to provide. Angola, yes. How long have you been in the Philippines? For about five days now, we've been watching all of Angola's games. Nice. And we're proud of our team, but we're a bit sad that now we don't know if we're going to qualify for the next round, but we're still here and we're still cheering for the team. And we're not going to give up, so let's go Angola. Exactly. Okay, so since you have been here for five days, what is the first impression of the Philippines? Oh, the people are very humble, very welcoming, very sweet. They've made us feel at home and I couldn't wish for a better welcome from foreign country, so it's been amazing here. There you go. If you've visited any island in the Philippines or any other place beside Manila. Probably not. But I want to see the beautiful beaches of Philippines have the whole world. Unfortunately, the weather hasn't been on our side. It's a risky place to visit. I can't wait to try any presentation today in the about the Philippines. Friendly people. Friendly people. Okay. Which team are you supporting today? Today I'm supporting the Philippines, man. Okay, nice. So, really excited to see them do well and hopefully for a really good result. Oh, okay. So, the last question, not really the last question, but can you describe the Philippines in one word? Beautiful. Beautiful. Are you planning to go into any islands here in the Philippines? No, just Manila. I'm just Dave. That's unfortunate. It's just really passionate about basketball. So, I'm really happy to be here. Okay, so who's the favorite player in the tournament? In all time. Manu Genobley. Really? Okay. I think I know you. Okay, so, if you're playing to go to... Manu Genobley, I would not have... Really? He said your favorite player of all time and you would choose Manu Genobley. Genobley, he's a player, ex-player of the San Antonio Spurs, you know, he was playing with Tony Parker and he was amazing, but... Best player, favorite player, really? Okay, but why not? Island, I would advise you. It's either you go to Burakai, go to Palawan, go to El Nido. Those are the ones I said. Go to Shargau. That's my favorite place. Shargau. Shargau? Yeah, you can just ask the ladies there. They know where you're going. Okay, brother, thank you so much for your time. And appreciate it. Enjoy the Philippines. Okay? Tell me everything about Shargau in the comment section below. Please. Thank you so much, man. Okay, guys, see you guys when we have the next person. All right, let's go. Are you from Italy? Italy. Okay, Italians. Italy is winning, though. Yeah. I think from Angola. I'm sorry, really? Yeah, from Angola. That's great. Oh, he's from Angola. Okay, so the first person that he interviewed was from his own country and I was right, he's from Africa. Italy was was winning because I believe that they did not make it to the semi-finals. Okay, guys, are we any? I know really tough. I mean, they didn't play the way we expected. But actually, Italy was good. Italy was good. I mean, but anyways, I won't take that much of your time, right? Describe the Philippines in one word. Crazy. Crazy. Amazing. I never heard crazy before. People are crazy. Really? What about you, brother? Yes, because it's amazing. It goes to the food, the street, everything. Okay. I just had the last question is, have you guys gone to any island in the Philippines? Yeah, the other one. Nice. And which one is your favorite one? Sebu. Sebu. Any island have you visited in the Philippines? Oh, I'm sorry. I landed yesterday here. You landed yesterday? Yes, it is. Okay. Okay, okay. What is your first impression of the Philippines? Yes, I came from one year in India, so it's very different. But English isn't great. But are you planning to visit any island here? No, no, no, we go to Vietnam later. We go to Vietnam later. But next time you come here, please check some good. They have a beautiful island. They have Palauan coming in Corona, Boracay, just for work, right? But I mean, congratulations on the winning. You guys really played so well. Thank you so much. Congratulations on the winning. Okay. And I have someone here. I love your outfit. Oh. So, what's your name? Luke. Luke, what are you from? Italy. What, how long have you been in the Philippines? I just... He really has him. What are you from? Really? Can you look at his outfit? I mean, he has the flag on his back and the colors of the country on his head. Come on, bro. I have the yesterday. Yes, yesterday. What is your first impression of the Philippines? I love it. It's not my first time here, so I'm going to be here already a few years ago. Nice. Okay. Describe the Philippines in one word. His English is better. Madness. Because it's a busiest place in the world. Interesting. Italians have described the Philippines as crazy and mad. Madness. That's interesting. The other hand, like, also people are so lovely. That's true. It's like, it's very busy town, very busy city, busy, busy country. There's never sleeps and I love it. Okay. Fui Fui, it's Filipino food. Yeah. We turn. I put you on spot. I put you on spot. It's not pizza. It's not pasta. Anything from a beautiful to have you eaten. Not this time. No, this time. Okay. Okay. Since you just arrived yesterday, there's one food you should try. Sinigang. Sinigang. Pork Sinigang. Pork Sinigang. Or you can try curry curry. You're going to love it. Curry curry does sound very Indian to me. Thank you so much for time. I really appreciate it. In congratulations on the winning. You guys won. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. The end of the show is up. My goodbyes. Okay, see, Oresozy вас. will do the Firstvideo video. Okay, see, Oresozy發 yesterday. will do the前video. This is our first Wi-Fi broadcast. to watch that and we'rearrMisslichi"... Some casts and I really like this one. I can see... Some casts and I really like this one. What is it like? So, it's like I'm putting a little bit of॥ So, it's like... so, it's like... Пос, I post shaved dude- I post on Instagram. and... Or maybe my turn to bun- This is me with all Tonight I post it on Twitter. Basketball. Basketball. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. Okay. Enjoy your staying in the photo. What's your name? Melichi. And probably already know you because you have been here. What's the new supporting? Angola baby. And for how long you've been in the photo bins? Oh very long. Very long time. Okay. What is your impression of the country? I love it here. Everyone is so kind, so supportive, so nice. The environment is very inviting. It's very much like an goal I actually believe. We're very accommodating people. And it's the same thing that I happen in the Philippines. So it's like kind of my second home. Yeah. I mean, which game you're going to watch now? Angola. Okay. What about the Philippines? You're going to watch as well? I mean sure. I can go support. She got added so much. What's your name? Chalk Anthony. How long have you been in the Philippines? I've been here for about a month now. Oh, right. It's a far from passion of the country. I love it. I was born actually in the Philippines. I'm Filipino. Oh, a big support of the Dominicanos. Okay. My best friend is Carl Anthony Towns. He killed it. This whole tournament. So hopefully the Minikins go far. There you go. That's the name. It wasn't Anthony. I'd add words is Carl Anthony Towns. I knew there was Anthony in the name. He's his best friend. Dude, that is so cool that he's meeting all these people that are close to the actual players. Okay. So yeah, Carl Anthony Towns, I was surprised to see that he played for the Dominican Republic and not the US. Because I think he's half Dominican, half American, but he chose the Dominican Republic instead and they played pretty well. Okay. Philippines are going to play in a bit. How excited are you? You think we're going to have the win finally? Well, they need to. They need to put it together. Jordan Clarkson needs to, you know, you know, get everything together. Get the team involved and I think they'll put it. Yes, even though the Philippines didn't make it very far, the last game I believe Jordan Clarkson winned him. He went crazy. I believe he scored over 30 points or maybe 28 points. I don't know, but he had a wonderful game and people loved it. I mean, Filipinos loved it. They'll put it off. Okay. So just describe the Philippines in one word. Oh, no, Filipino. Any advice to foreigners coming to the Philippines to watch the World Cup? Um, advice is to just so support everyone here is super nice. So, you know, give the love back. Everyone loves the all foreigners that come here and yeah, everyone here is so nice and welcoming. Okay. Thank you so much. But I appreciate it. I'm George. I'm Jesus. Jesus. And we still you guys supporting. We are supporting Spain. We are playing. But they are playing in Indonesia and Filipinos. Okay. What about you? Filipina. Filipina. Okay. One question. Like the question of the days describe Philippines in one word. Passion. Passion. Beautiful. All right. What's the question of the days? The guy Philippines in one word. I heard earth. Passion. Beautiful. I didn't. Powerful. Since you mentioned about beautiful. Can you name one of the most beautiful? I'm really bothered. Earth. Yeah. So earth. Why earth? Powerful. That's a. We mentioned about this option. Can you name one of the most beautiful island in the Philippines? Caming in Iceland. Why? Caming in Iceland. Okay. What about you, man? Palawan. I love Palawan. Yeah. When Palawan? You need to go. And me. I'm poor part of both. I need a little. I need a little. I'm poor part of. Okay. So guys, I just want to say thank you so much and enjoy the game. I hope Spain win and hopefully pin wins as well. I mean, appreciate it. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. I appreciate it. Okay, guys. See you guys when we have the next group. Let's go. Philippine. What's your name? Johnson. Where you from? New York. New York. How long have you been in the Philippines? Three days. Three days. What is your first impression of the Philippines? It's great. It's great. Okay. So you came here for the World Cup? Oh, yes. In which country is supporting? Everyone. Everyone. Okay. You hold in and go. He's not picky. Okay. Anyways, yeah. Describe the Philippines in one word. Great. Great. Are you playing? Did you have time? Oh, you're planning to visit any island in the Philippines? No, just here. Okay. If you get to visit, please go to Bordecai, Palawan, Coron, El Nido and Shagau. That's the best island for me. Okay, brother. Okay. Thank you so much. I appreciate it, man. Thank you so much. Okay. Thank you. See you guys when we have the next person. I think the World Cup is going to give exposure to the Philippines to the world. I know that the Philippines is already famous out at but the World Cup is happening in the Philippines for the first time in 45 years. Second time. This is what I say. Thank you so much. And we're all for it. That they have been part of these amazing videos. I'm here in Bula Khan and I still have more videos to come. Like right now, it's almost 8 p.m. I have to go back to Manila and get ready for tomorrow because tomorrow it's a game day as well. So thank you so much for being here. Subscribe to the channel if you haven't subscribed. Support. All right. So it was a very interesting video, but I had to cut out the second part of the video because it had nothing to do about him asking foreigners about their impressions of the Philippines. So I thought it wasn't really necessary to leave it in this reaction video because it wasn't the point of this reaction video. But it was still nice of nice of him to take the time to ask foreigners about the Philippines. And I am not surprised with their answers, but their English wasn't great. So they weren't really able to develop or even use or think of interesting words to describe the Philippines or how they felt about the Philippines. But it was still entertaining. Let me know in the comments section below your thoughts on this video. Also, I would love it if you would support Canada. You know, to make it to the finals and win it all. It would be fantastic. Thank you in advance. Of course, Maraming Maraming Sanamata bowl. And if you found value in this video, do not hesitate to check out my other reaction videos right here.