 Anyway, good morning guys, good morning. Our resident driver is continuing the tradition to drive us during this road trip. We are here with Karin and Marianne. Good morning! As you can see they are very very excited. So actually we are doing a really similar route now with them than what we did with Fanny because this is the main reason actually why they wanted to come to the Philippines even though we will still be exploring other islands. This is basically the reason why Karin wanted to come to the Philippines, wanted to come back to the Philippines as soon as possible. So originally I was not even sure how I'm going to like document this journey just like to make things interesting for you guys but everyone is so so so excited and I'm so excited also to bring them back to the relevant of my most favorite places ever in the Philippines. So now we are just all hyped up about this road trip and just super excited to document their reactions because they are very fired up about their trip. Look how happy they are. Just telling the stories about the area that we are going to be visiting and just pick excitement right now in the car. Pixel is also here with us. Everyone doses in deep sleep right now. Where have you been now? We are going to Ban치wa. Ban치wa is the biggest town in the world. It's a town. Ban치wa is the biggest. It's a Hungarian country. But in the Philippines it's the biggest town in the world. For Stajmini La Ditos, it's a Philippines. It's a big and cool. I'm actually standing right under the border of Noeva, Estia and Noeva Biscay. I'm literally in between the two provinces. I'm like a woman. I like the weather. Shout out for the vlog. It's a picture taking on going. Covering like their guns. This is why they say it's more fun in the Philippines. It's like a checkpoint in the city. It's like a fishfish. It's like a fishfish. It's a fish. It's a fish. You would be scurrying glass of military dressed people with big guns. Check point but they just want selfies. It's a toy gun. I think. It's real. No, it's real. It's a real gun. It's a real gun. It's a real gun. It's a real gun. No, it's real. It's a real gun. It's a real gun. Guys, everyone who is being... This is a point and before that all of our visitors are vegetarian and don't try some of those. Consider it to be extreme local street food. Here's a brave contestant who said she will try baluts. She's a bit scared. I tried to try. She tried to try baluts. We just tossed the order and the car in sets. It's the time for her first ever balut. We have an adventurous contestant here. With a bit afraid but... But it's here. So we couldn't say no. We just present the stuff here. It's an adventure. It's an adventure. You want balut? Yes. It's first time. First time. Here. So you have to put the flag on the same side. Put the flag on the same side. Put the flag on the side. This side. After you're proud with your hands. Okay. She'll keep it. She'll keep it. She'll be like with your hands. She'll keep it. She'll keep it. It's the look. Woohoo! We'll get it. Oh, sure. She'll keep it. She'll keep it. Okay. Are you serious? I'm serious. It's good. It's washed. And then now. I'm going to start the... I'm going to start the... You can feel it now because there's no... I'm going to put it on. I'm going to put it on. Okay. It's like a landing. So this is the ball. I've never seen one so close. I'm going to start the ball again. Well, I have to. Okay. So this is the ballad guide. Okay. Look at that. Okay. It will be Masara. It's Masara. It's Masara. No. What a brave cow-ring. It's Masara. It's like a egg. It's not like the egg. It's not like that. It's like that. Yeah. It's only that. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. What do you think of this? I'm heart texture. I'm not a rat. No. She did it, guys. First person eating ballad on this channel. Congratulations. Thank you. Love, love, love. She said it just this like egg. And she said some heart texture that might be some big, some like some. Something but she said it wasn't, but... There were no. Nothing. No. Yeah. If I'm Jonathan being Filipino, she never ate a ballad. Really? Only the egg part. She actually looked at it. So I saw some foreigners in vlogs eating ballad. And they're like, okay, I'm just not gonna look at it. And then I'm just going to swallow it. But she examined it. Of course. She examined it. She exactly saw what she's going to eat. And it's still went down so smoothly. Very proud. Very proud. If not, ballad in the teeth. I'm like, before, but like, you're eating a cha. Everyone, how long have you been eating? Sorry, guys. Just checking. There's some baby duck in my teeth. Let's go. She wants a very seratic cabin. But in the midst of that, that's not the best. I'm teaching them how to eat. They not buy proper. They don't buy it. They don't buy it. They don't buy it. It's the first spot where we stop the time in a car. It's more like a Sarisari slash vegetable shop. And we already have very satisfied customers. They are washing off the ballad with some local baracoe coffee. And ubethinapai. And we know the appropriate way of eating tinapai is dipping it in the coffee. And it's approved. Good? Good. I'm not that lucky to have a car. I'm not that lucky to have a car. I'm not that lucky to have a car. And I'm not that lucky to have a car. So actually, both Karin and Marian want like a more authentic experience. They didn't want to come to the Philippines to just go on like a holiday. Yesterday was like a very local type of day already. I'm roaming around that home and I'm so happy they love it. This is what I love about the Philippines. This chill vibes just sitting into these little Sarisaris or Karin de Rias just drinking local coffee. And they love the same. I'm very happy. Here we are guys suddenly in the middle of Don Tima. No, somewhere in the Wavavistkaya. And Jonathan is walking far away with an umbrella to find people because the car just broke the rental car. It was blinking there that it has water problems but we can't really fix it. And not the car mechanic. So I won't even explain what's the problem with it exactly but it's not really fixed up. So we are not really sure what we are going to do right now. Jonathan walked somewhere over there where there are some people because we can't be here. Make the car and until there because it will break even more if we do so. Just hoping that he will find somehow. Nothing. They said maybe they are because they also broke down over what cool I asked. Oh. And they have. So we could still make it to drive just like 500 meters and then we came to the Sarisarivar. Karin and Marjan already found a little ukai ukai and actively. And they stopped at the perfect place because there are four drinks and then ukai ukai to entertain them. And turns out that the Sarisarivs owner is not here with the mechanic and she just caught him. So we are hoping so much that it's our luck and it will get big. And we can continue through the road. And then the other one went round and he was crashing into the frame just because government never noticed it. They not surprised us that we got it this time around. They didn't even know what we have made just when we wanted toacey and we had trouble between the city and bleachers. And then we accepted it. And then on another day we opened the injection for the gas tank. around in Galan and someone else. There's never a shortage of mechanics in the Philippines. When you stop somewhere, then someone will know at least someone who can probably help you. It's mostly true about whatever problem you have in the Philippines hoping that it's like an easy fix. The next stop we will go to the Raktual store because it was less than a kilometer away from where we broke them. which is like the first lucky. They just made us sit inside. They even get to experience a local car repair. It's because it's a very high-end car. We bring them to the real local place, as we go to the car repair shop. There's a park. There's a park. There's a park. There's a park here, though. This is the wee broke downtown. This is what I call the tricycle driver, party song. It's a jungle. It's a jungle. It's a jungle. The jungle is our employee in the family. That's also the type of money. The party is over. The party in Jonathan was cooperating with the repair people and fixing the car. It's fixed. It's done. I'm very happy. It was more than an hour delay. Maybe more like two hours, but at least it should be fixed. What was the problem? The pan socket got loose. It doesn't flap in together. He has to put glue and... And tie it. That was the problem, guys. But I'm glad that it was not like something that didn't let us continue this for a road trip. So back on the road and everyone is starving. So our next stop is going to be some car in the area. Because we didn't have lunch and it's... Our next stop is when we run out of gas. Or that. We're going to have to eat something. We finally stopped for... Not a lunch. It's more like a dinner. It's more of a dinner-appropriate time. But we stopped at this little... It's kind of a current area, but more restaurants, style, place, and we ordered... Of course we ordered Pinak Beth. Curry, Norder, Karek, Karea. Marian ordered. I don't even know some coming dish. And some pakou, which is... I know it's firm. Like firm sights, salads. Jonathan is making the sauce at right now. He's working on the side sauce because... This plate is so cute it has like a whole sauce station where you can make your own sauce. Finally, the other dessert is me last or all this traveling. I'm going to have a look at the view. Can you see us guys? We are still here. I just don't want to turn on the light because I don't want to have light in the car. Jonathan can focus on the road. There's some light on my face. Okay a bit. I got a permit. Oh, good morning. So we just arrived to Banoa. We just left the ark. Still 10 more kilometers until the village. Didn't flag until here because as soon as we entered, we forgot we started getting dark. We always arrive here in time, but since we had a long delay because of the car breaking down, we arrived to the Kurvias, Darkest, MTS, Mountain Roids when it was getting dark. So until now this was our, I took a footage. This was our view in the past one hour. Big, big, big nothing. So we were driving super carefully and I was too nervous to plug. But now we are already driving through towards the village. So this was, it's been our fourth time already coming to Banoa with Jonathan. Every time it's something new and something adventurous. And maybe this is the most adventurous so far. No, when it was cold. Oh yeah, number one is still when we almost froze off the motorcycle in the rain and in the fog, but this is a closed second. That's the Kikil치te. Nice views. Beautiful views in Banoa. This is our real view, but we are really seeing. Look at you. Very nice. That's very rare. The current is so excited for the boutique. Yes. So cute. Her first time to see the boutique last night she was like, where are the boutiques? Where are they? No boutiques because I told her, like, other skewed geckos here. This is her first time to see them. For me. For boutiques. And they love, they love like, like they are judging you. Like, I see. We called them the judgment of boutique because they are always laughing. And yes, they are really close. They are really close. Yeah. They are also around now. We arrived in dark so they didn't see beautiful Banoa, they didn't see the beautiful view at the homestay, but at least they see boutiques. So there's joy for today. When, when tomorrow they can see the rest. I'm looking cat upon the ocean. Wow. Magic. Oh, yes. I think that this year will be the boutique. boutique? I think that's boutique. Look, look. boutique.