 Good morning guys welcome to annual vlog now I'm recharged with coffee so I can talk properly we woke up super early to be able to enjoy the beautiful sunset on the farmland so the coffee was definitely needed but it's super worth it because it's extremely beautiful here at early morning later on today we also want to give you a little story time about something that I know so many of you are asking and curious about but first we are going to go to a different area of this mountain somewhere over there because Dodong the caretaker of this place who you could see before in the family farmland tour vlogs recommended it that there's a super pretty view somewhere in the area so we want to check it out before it gets too hot so that will come first. Our tour guide. Yes the tour guide in the mountain we are going somewhere pretty and we want to ride there on the back of the but he said that the mountain is going to be extremely steep and it wouldn't be fast if we rode on it so. We are so happy to be here. Yes, so happy. Maybe I'll test our adventure through the air of this building. I hope to go through the steep mountains. It's so fast I'll go in there. Parties but. Yeah this is like a commota plantation. Oh yeah that's going so high. Oh the view is so pretty. I need to take photos. It's a bit bright from the sun but. Wow. Oh yes and there's the signal provider. At the farmland itself there's no signal so internet can't be used so people in that area can't come to this path to be able to use like social media or internet at all. Victor how's the view it's so pretty. She's actually looking at it. That's a good path for using Facebook. It's a secret they used to like the young people in the village used to come here and they will gather around this area and just hang out to use internet. That's kind of fun though like instead of going to like a city cafe just you can gather in the pretty green fields and have a beautiful view of using the internet. You can even pull out commot if I have to. Yes you can even harvest commot. Sounds fun to me. There are more commot fields there. So he said people will harvest it put it in a sack carry it on their back and then hike the whole way around the mountain and then come back again for another sec. Guys imagine how proud we are of ourselves to complete a hike and then I'm locating here just doing hikes with a huge sack of commot. On like regular basis. Multiple times. Yes. Wow they must be a lot more fit than me. Some of these mountains are even so extremely steep so even just harvesting the commot and standing straight will be a challenge. The view guys though so beautiful. This is why I keep repeating myself for this. How many beautiful landscapes the Philippines has and so many of them are just so out of sight and only like local people know about them. This beautiful view so I feel so thankful that I get to see this. Stop by to actually buy some commot in the village. There's a lot but we can't eat so much so I'm gonna take like a kilo or two. You eat it you eat it you eat it you eat it. That's so much. And now we are walking to another side of the farmland. It's just a bit difficult to get there especially. Look guys so many trees are falling from the typhoon but there's a part of the farmland that was not in use for so many years. So it was extremely overgrown. It's kind of like on the side of the mountain and lately they started to clean it up and we've won. Finally start using it planting like trees on it so we are going there now to check it out how's the progress. Big cell. Big cell we arrived. Here it is now there's less trees. Oh yes. Oh those trees are so broken but overall this is an improvement. So guys maybe I have photos how it looked like before but this was not even possible to go through at all. It was just extremely tall like everything. Let's go down to the river I can already hear it. The secret entrance to the land. We already have some small fruit trees but good thing they didn't get planted yet because the typhoon would have taken them for sure. This is also the end of the land path. Yeah. Yeah this is guys where the farmland ends on one side. So many fallen banana trees poured them. So as you can see guys the land is super steep. It's on the side of the mountain but on the bottom it's right next to the river and it's more straight. So that would be like the good like campsites but this will be a good camp all this way. This one yes we could set up a tent here. Yeah. We should actually do that sometimes. First we need a tent. Yes. After we have a tent we should actually come here that would be so peaceful and relaxing. A collar ball was definitely here following the trucks. What did you smell? Carbable. Wow. Good dog. There guys we have a pretty background and a peaceful environment to give you a little story time because we get so many questions a lot of you are of course curious about our story, our relationship. And we talked about it a little bit here and there but we never gave you like the full story. So of course the main thing that so many of you guys are asking is how we met in the first place. We met online and then at first we were in a long distance relationship for over. Yeah for like how long? One. Yeah around a year. A year or like when the naha pier something like that? Yeah. During those times I was still going to university and even though we were already in a relationship of course I wanted to finish school first so that was a little bit of a setback. We were younger. Yeah we were so young. So we were just video calling like a lot like what at the time? Yeah everyday. Yes everyday. First we were like thinking how to have our first meeting. Of course we were discussing if Jonathan would visit me in Hungary or I would visit him in the Philippines. But it was very hard to get a visa to Hungary. I started fixing my papers but they are asking things that like proof that we know each other like pick to that we don't have so. Like basically for a couple who never met in person before it's impossible. If you are from Philippines or other nearby countries you won't get a shengen visa saying that you're visiting someone that you never met there just not going to give it to you. Especially if you're travelling alone. They will be suspicious why are you going there? It's not for tourists. Yeah. We soon found out that Jonathan visiting me in Hungary is not an option. That time we started saving money so we could meet up. Yes. Then after we just decided it's easier for you because you don't even need a visa to go to. Yeah for me it was very easy to come to the Philippines and also I really wanted to go abroad. Basically I just really wanted to experience life abroad so I was actually very excited to go to the Philippines. Right after I finished university I was already so fly to the Philippines. And that time unfortunately taking videos was not really a thing so we don't have a video of our first meeting but we have pictures. Yeah that's all. Yeah we have a picture in Manila and we were so young and cute. Not anymore. We are still young and cute. So yeah that was our first meeting and then basically when I came here we already started our life together because because prior to this we were already in a relationship for one and a half years like I said and it was like just so normal. Even though it was our first time meeting we already knew each other so much. We already know each other well before we met. Yes some people are like not a believer in long distance relationship but that's not our experience. We made it for repined ways like video. Repined ways commercial. I hope that I can also serve you like as a positive encouragement because I know so many others are in like long distance relationship and figuring out a way how to meet and it's definitely possible because it's worth pretty well for us. So if you are in a long distance relationship then just commit to it and maybe save up money by a ticket and just do it. Just do it. Just do it night. Bye guys. Please be the one nighting sponsor. Repined ways and just do it. Just do it. Smart tips from Susie and Jonathan you're welcome. After everything was amazing of course but we had to steal. Find a way to go to Hungary at least for a visit so Jonathan can also meet my parents, my family, my friends and just I think in like how do you create an inter-racial relationship? Yes. Yeah in an inter-racial relationship I think it's important to see like the home place and the culture of the other person. Yeah. Because of course there are like different sets in how we grew up so yeah it was important for us that Jonathan can also visit Hungary. Too bad we were not blind. Yes too bad guys. It was so much fun. I wish we already did vlogging but we didn't. Next time we are going to Hungary we are vlogging like everything. It was so hard to get that visa. Guys. They were asking like pictures together. Yeah so. Like chat, chat love. Yeah like it's actually guys like it's so like awkward like like embarrasing to get a visa. And it was in Manila. Yeah in Manila. Like in Macapic. We went back to Manila so many times guys like if you could imagine. Yes like we first we came there with all of the documents that they required. After that they asked us to come back again for an interview. And then after the interview like why are you going there? Yeah by the way by are you going? Like oh you're going with your girlfriend and then come back and bring proof that we live together like 30 people. Yeah like literally a lawyer 30 people that we are living in the same house. And everything else like like like personal. Yeah like pictures together like the first conversation we had. It's not even just the first conversation remember we have to like like they are like oh you were in a long distance relationship then. You keep in touch like online okay then give us an example of conversation from every single month of your long distance relations. Yeah I print the whole book. The memory is come back. The stress call. It was we went to Manila like I don't know. So many times. Like we need that to screenshot the time when we set it on Facebook that we are on a relationship. Yes I don't even use much social. Me like I don't really like it so much that's why that's why at first I also don't want to be in the blood. Yes another thing guys that I'm you've been wondering even before I was blogging here in the Philippines and now when I came back like why Jonathan was not in the blood. And like more of a private person. And also there's some people don't didn't even see me or know anything about me and they are already commenting like negative stuff. That's why I don't want to be on the blood. There's even a rumor that I'm a politician. Like I'm an old politician I can show myself. Because first when I started YouTube back in 2016-17 something like that. When we went to watch that Disney one. Disney one I was my first like very awkward don't watch it. Don't watch it but here's the link. I started blogging as a hobby like only a hobby. I was just making videos for fun so yeah that's why Jonathan was not in it because yeah like what the reason we thought you. So many of you guys are so like nice and giving us a lot of positive comments and like just super nice. There will be of course always a few like negative assumptions and like just haters in general it's impossible to avoid that when you are online but most of you guys are so sweet. Yeah I like reading the comments. There's a lot of nice comments. You can count the negative comments in your fingers. Yes. So back to the timeline we got a little bit of truck. Yeah we went to Hungary after fixing this extremely difficult to get visa and then yeah it was just a lot of fun. You could meet my parents. Yes. And your dogs. And my dogs. And we also spent time like at my home place just hanging out with my family and then we also travelled a little bit around Hungary but you have a lot more to say. We should do that again sometime. Yes definitely. So how long were you been living here before you went back to Hungary? I think like more than four years around the after we've been living here together I went back to Hungary which was just supposed to be temporary because no one knew that lockdowns are going to be a thing. So we were like I'm just gonna go to Hungary a little bit and then like anytime I can come back. But it's not a big deal like literally just after two weeks if I feel like that I want to come back already the night we're just by a plane ticket and come back but... I think it was two years. It was another chapter in our relationship in long distance relationship but we already did it before so... That's why you stopped lagging also when you were in Hungary. It was not the best part of my life. It was just difficult to be separated and yeah that was the time when I realised that I really don't want to live in Hungary. We were always like discussing like we'll stay here forever or maybe we'll try life in Hungary but me being stuck in Hungary and doing the typical Hungarian life there. That's what made me realise that I definitely do not want to live in Hungary. Like just that's just not the type of lifestyle that would suit us and yeah I just wanted to come back to the Philippines desperately also for Jonathan and also for the country. So basically this is the timeline of our story and our relationship and when I came back to the Philippines in March this year that's when I started this YouTube channel so after that you can just follow everything that happened in our life including our wedding. So yeah this is our story and yeah we really just want to thank you all the support and all the subscribers and just really write nice comments. We really really appreciate it and we will keep going and making more vlogs for sure. Yes I'm reading all the comments. Me too. And also trying to answer everyone of you guys but luckily there are so many of you so sometimes it takes some time to get back to all of you but working on it. Xavos, I love it. Supporting us the whole way. Yeah she's just sitting here. You're a good dog. Xavos, what do you think about this? Also part of the story we got picked right after I moved to the Philippines like some months after. After we first met so she's been our baby ever since. She said are you done? Let's play. So yeah that's our story guys we are super happy that we could share it with you. Thank you so much for listening to it and we would like to thank you again so much for all the support. But this has to be the end of this vlog because we were talking so much that it's been getting really long. So yeah thank you so much for watching. We hope you liked it. If you did then please subscribe and we will see you next time in the next vlog. Bye.