 I think Filipinos are very emotional people and they pour a lot of heart into singing. Is that Beyonce? She sounds like Beyonce. Wow. Wow. Good Sponsor. Oh, that is insane. Very nice. The gumball could pour oil. How much oil could gumball boil? What's up, Philippines? The gills of the drop speech training today because I'm mumbling because I am hungry. But welcome back to another reaction video on our channel. I am Mike and I'm Nelly. To travel food and lifestyle based vloggers. Last vloggers days in Bacati. Sorry, we have eaten all day. Why do we call ourselves food vloggers? We don't eat. Anyway. Nelly, what are we reacting to today? Okay, so today we are reacting to a singing video. It's called viral, virallicious. And it's asking the question if Filipinos have the singing gene. It's not like delicious. That's the delicious food I'd like to eat. But the answers are not to watch the video. I know it's amazing singers. But we have to watch it because obviously we want to see it. Also guys, guys, guys, good news. Good news. Mike reached 100k on his Instagram. And as promised, we are going to perform a Filipino song. Ovarana Maynichel making a happen vlog. Link right here. Yes. And we also have some really... Preparation. Preparation. For that starts this week. We also have a few. So just keep following me on this. We also have some pretty cool announcements on our channel and something for you. So better head out to making a happen vlog to see for yourself. Yeah. And we thought we needed a challenge for Nelly as well. So excited if Nelly gets 100k on Instagram. She'll do the Buddha's dance for you guys. Yes. All right. I haven't done it ever. Like I just saw it. Looks fun though. I'm a very, very bad dancer. So take that into consideration. And if you want to see me dancing to the Buddha dance, follow me on Instagram at Nelly's Life underline. Underline. Yes. But shall we? Yes. Okay. Okay. What's your love with the Philippines? What seems so special about Filipino, the en-air of the world for music and singing? Could there be a great musical virus that's exclusively spreading amongst Filipinos? We. Okay. He you keep there with me apart. Would you please have mercy on me? I'm gonna put it on your street even though you're got good intentions. No, I need you to send me free. Would you please have mercy? On the heart would you please have mercy on my heart? I love that. I'm gonna put it on your street even though you're got good intentions. I'm gonna put it on your street even though you're got good intentions. Oh, goosebumps. So heartfelt, huh? So much energy in me. Okay, quick break. There are so many emotions in the way they sing. I agree. If I sing, I'm just like, you can literally feel that they feel the song. And it's just what? No, you're funny. Why? Huh? Why? You're just funny. Okay. Give this video a thumbs up and think I'm funny. Oops. I just take your day by day. Oh, wow. Never hear it when they say, oh, wow. I just do it my way. All of God is broken. Like, like, I know something burning day life. Do love, do love. Do love it. Do love. Do love. Do love. Video, okay. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Hold on. Is that Beyonce? She sounds like Beyonce. Yeah. If I close my eyes. I'm not sure everything. But I'm not sure everything. Nothing at all to you. Wow. Good spot. This is awesome. Just dancing. Wow. So good. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. That Heaven can't live if it's sad. All the things I've sort of done, I was a man But I've found the man, stronger than anyone I know He shares my dreams of hope that something was shared of all I love, I love love To carry more than just a sequence To carry love, to carry children of our own We are so kids, but we're so in love Fighting against all odds I know we'll be alright this time What can I have only now? You're combined your words So come on out In your words Not the combination with the guitar Left hand Left hand Left hand Left hand It's not that cold tonight And you're again But he's waiting outside So it's like for me as a non-singer It's just so impressive to see how they... I don't know how to say it, hold the notes Or keep the notes Keep the voice levels at a certain point And I'm like listening to it If I would do it, it would be really awful Without just saying happy birthday messages That's the only song that I know Actually Bye-bye Wow, sounds professional Wow Wow, 3 really good And high note Wow, 3 really good And high note Wow Oh, shy type Wow Not shy when she's singing Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow So soothing, very good voice Yeah, it's really nice Wow It's a baby singing No That looks like Carla So good, wow I hope the baby appreciates it Baby's gonna be a fantastic singer itself one day What Wow, yeah, oh, wow Guys, I'm sure there's a ton of people watching this video now that are fantastic singers So if you think you can sing or you're proud of your voice or you love singing, head on over to Instagram post a story tag Making it happen vlog or in the least like underline, underline and we'll re-share it on our story Yes, also what I wanted to say is to answer that question Do Filipinos have these singing DNA? Yes, I think yes, the four of Filipinos part three And there are so many reasons why for once I think Filipinos are very emotional people and they pull a lot of heart into singing Yes, that's why it comes out so naturally And then also the fact that a lot of people just do a lot of doing video-care But it's just part of culture Do you start learning singing in school as well? Is it like I think? Because I've seen a lot of videos on YouTube of students in school uniforms just singing in class So I don't know if it's like a thing, if it's part of education We do have music lessons in Austria Yeah, but it's like... It's not about good singing It's just about knowing the musical scales and that kind of stuff It's not about learning what to sing Alright, this was called a Love With Video Nice Another great one, thank you for sending this video to us If you enjoyed this video be sure to give it a thumbs up Subscribe if you are new I think we are very close to hitting 100K on this channel If you want to support us Yeah, hit that subscribe button right now Who would have thought this video is just like three or four months old and already we're getting close to 100K This channel, yes Well, let's start it in... Anyway, thank you guys We will see you next time on What's Up Philippines? Bye-bye Subscribe if you are new Subscribe if you are new Subscribe if you are new Subscribe if you are new Subscribe if you are new Subscribe if you are new Subscribe if you are new Subscribe if you are new