 You're a shi- Yeah, I was walking like stupid. It's never too late to see a happy birthday to your wife. You said you were gonna go to the hospital, right? I'm doing. Thank you, baby, for doing the mother thingy. Aww. My job. Well, I really... I don't want it to record, but really... Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you for doing everything. And we have coffee and cheese cake, very often. The best. Thank you, baby. And he has a very happy. Yeah. Yeah. The buildings and stuff. A h t he is here Well, in time special, we're going to go to Venice Italy, please, what is Spanish? Belisima, Belisima Yeah, we are here with our, you know, no this person, yeah this person so small person Yeah, so yeah, it's really cool, so let's The entrance Oh, let's take a look Oh Oh She's so happy. She's so happy. You see? Oh! You see? Yeah. Happy Valentine's Day. Happy Valentine's. Happy Valentine's Day. This is the Phantom of... This is Italy actually. Yeah, this is Italy. In Italy? In all of this? This is Italy. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! This is so weird elevator. Oh yeah! We didn't even know that it's the elevator. Oh, I like it. I tried to look for the elevator and that's the one. Come next to me. Come next to me. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop! We're here in Venice. Italy Of the Philippines Italy on the Philippines It's really awesome here But we want to ride the boat but it's really long queue It's because it's of course obviously it's Valentine's Day Imagine myself if I'm one of these boats Everyone will be looking at you Taking a video of you Oh yeah Because my husband is super foggy Oh, I'm hungry And Arab not foggy Okay? Look at this We're gonna eat Somewhere Somewhere special First time to try it here So let's see I think we found Johnny B, McKilly Hills First time let's try Look at this It's a special food For special occasion It's a living McKilly Hills What do you want to use for money cards? What is something new in the Sullivan? It's a card It's a sleeping face Right Yeah Thank you Yeah Thank you Pravee should be for the chicken Look for the rice But he couldn't eat the plain rice at the end That's a ricey rice I asked for a wrap for me And the The wings for her I guess It's very hard for Little Eastern to eat plain rice So we always put something on it And since they have the really good gravy So That's what we do We add the gravy to the rice We had to transfer Because maybe Danielle Maybe Alfa was crying So I think it was too hard for her Anyway Let me just enjoy this Grilled beef I usually leave the chicken till the end Because I really want to enjoy the chicken I want that to be like the last thing I know Spicy And are you kidding me? Jolaby is taking over The American market This is the cheapest way to go on Valentine's Day Jolaby By the way Is it the best chicken? I'm going to eat And turn to the other batch It's crispy It's very dear Yeah We tried other Jolaby But the regular meals It's the best sort of We're going to finish our food How many chicken do you eat already? Two This is the last one It's really good right? The chicken they have here Can't explain how Yeah, it's so good But there's a lot of them renting It's just amazing It's really, really, really, really amazing And I asked for extra gravy Is it a small? It's super good I think it is our whole but I don't care It's happiness It's so good Is we already eating a chicken toy Drinking the grape leaf I don't want to join That was your man You're a shot Yeah, I was walking like stupid It's never too late To see Happy Birthday to your life You said you were going to go to Asma Mart Newer Thank you, baby, for doing the mother thingy My job Well, I really... I don't want it to record but greeny Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you for doing everything And we have coffee and cheesecake The best Thank you Thank you Thank you