 Good morning people. Twenty January about 6.32 a.m. Friday morning. That's gentlemen walking across the field over there, making this way somewhere. Probably another shortcut. Here's across that creek that's over there. Beautiful morning. A Corvianne. Everything's here. Water hose. Kind of brought back this way. I don't know why, but we'll see. We're going to be moving it later today because I was told first thing this morning from the Bayall J.C. that the Ricky the Bulldover guy responded to him and I guess he's going to come here today. Not a notification on the morning though, but that's all right. I'm adjusting. I'm adjusting. I am adjusting. Beautiful day, beautiful morning. Welcome to the Philippines. Welcome to my morning. I had one cup of coffee working on my second. I left it inside this morning. Rooster in your distance. Dog case or dog in the distance. That's what I like. It's in the distance. Nothing's right next to me. That gentleman, when he's doing this cow thing, that's what he's doing. Moving his brimmer bowl or half her or whatever she is. He or she is. There's another one there. That's nine nights over here. Oh yeah. The solar lights came in. The decorative ones were going to put around here. They came in. It's plastic. I kind of figured for the price. We just figured we'd give it a shot. They flicker like this. It's a flame. So you saw the yesterday. The prior video. Let me put them out here so they'll charge. I came out in the evening time. It's getting dark. Six of them were lit. Four of them were not. So I hit the on button. We thought we had the on button on, but we didn't. So they're going to fully charge today out here in the sun. And we're not going to mount them till Jay gets back. We're going to drill holes in there. Are they super bright? No. Never mind. We've lost the word for the aviants. Hold on just a second. I'm being paced by Lady Beauty. I'm back. Beautiful Lady Jazz telling me it's time to eat. I told her I'd be in a little bit later. They go ahead. I don't need breakfast. First thing in the morning. Rarely, do I? Unless I'm heading out somewhere. I usually have my coffee and then let my body wake up in the morning. and I don't feed my body until it tells me it's hungry. A lot of folks eat because it's time to eat. Not me, I just, I let my body tell me it's hungry. I keep a lot of the extra, extra fat to buy off of me that way. And maintain my sexy. Gotta maintain my sexy at 62. I know you don't need to tell me. Just let me, let me talk to myself. Okay, where was I? Yeah, anyway, we're gonna get the solar lights back up when he comes back. When we're gonna drill him, then we're gonna smooth this up. Figure out what color we're gonna paint this after we smooth this up to be painted inside here. Because we're gonna have some folks over. I think I said that in the other video. Oh, beautiful. Much more better in person, just beautiful. Love that tree. The flag is still there. And the flag was still there. Okay. Yeah, it's a week anyway. Sometime today, Ricky, the bulldozer guys, coming back. And we'll start him where he left off on the other side. Smooth that area out. And pour in a few places, pour in the up, be careful of. Name me the green and the plants on the other side. Just smooth everything out. I'm hopeful it's only takes a couple of hours. A lot of the areas, flat, it's just taking down the high areas. That's a big chunk of concrete there. You know what? Now that look here, I had one of the good a lot of these rocks up, but I did not do that. Maybe later me and EJI just pick up as much as we can. But they're gonna get scattered. And eventually around the house, it's gonna get covered with dirt. I just have to figure out how far out I want to go with the dirt. To get initially around the house and flatten it out so we can get some nice grass. I cannot afford to plant a nice, weird grass that she wants over the entire property. So we're gonna start basically on the squirrel from the place around the house. And we're gonna make our attempt. And the beautify it once we get it flattened out in the future again. Everything's always in the future. And the plan is this light on or is that the thing of the second? It's not cleaned up here yet inside or outside. We're gonna get there. The light was on. Like Christie's high, we got another notification via Facebook. We're following Zemako. And this is like the fourth price increase this year. Probably fifth or sixth, I don't know. But I have no fall for sure. It just keeps going up. It's amazing here in place where people make so little money. And that's why people just, you know, when it's dark, it's dark. They burn it. I just don't understand how you can keep the prices. Just keep going up. People survive. You know, they do. More power to them, but my goodness. Things are changing. Inflations hitting the Philippines. Because they and bloggers coming here and blogging in the Philippines and stuff. It's just amazing. It's a popular place people want to see here about. More power to them. I'd like to see a lot of more local bloggers. Because they really need it, you know, as foreigners. I'm doing it for, you know, after I pass, or Lady Jazz has something to hold on to. And they grow and, you know, help her with her and the children. Here's that wind again. My goodness. My camera's coming in sometime. I don't know, a week or ten days, who knows. So that's where we got to be in shift. So we'll see. Anyway, so today's event is going to finish off. I'm going to show you later the front of the driveway. We started working on that today. I'll talk more later. Let me just stop for now. Okay, morning once again. Lady Jazz with principal Skylar stuff. We'll see you in the, to bring it off to school now. And on my way to video, the progress we made yesterday. I thought she was putting my slippers on for a minute. Right, right for me. Well, because I set the slippers up, so when I come out, I can step in them. But the Chitlins always push them away. Lady's app. Why is she wearing a mask? Yeah, why are you wearing a mask? We need masks in the school. What's that? Seen of sobby. Well, right now, let me go back and take another photo first. Let me pause, Luna. I guess he's going to go with them. He always wants to go. And they're going to load up Filipino style. I've seen them have four or five people on this thing. Poor scooter. Bye-bye. You got coyote, hold on. Bye-bye. Let me get back to where I was going to go with this thing. Pause. Okay, here's some of the dirt that along with some bricks and stuff that Ricky the bulldozer guy shoveled up in there. So he's still got a friend of his area here. This is what I'm having to start. And I just don't know where we're going to put those big concrete pieces off to the side somewhere. Anyway, here's where we're taking the stuff from the septic, because I got some septic issues. That's another reason why we're taking the rocks off. We're going to clear it here. The best I could tell, there was no ventilation pipe. Wow. None whatsoever. On the septic, all as you can see, running up to the roof. I guarantee you, if I get a shot on top of that roof, there's no ventilation pipe up there. And there should be. So we're going to rectify that, because we're having some of the symptoms in the house that are associated with the negative air flow. I don't know all of the rig or mold jig or mold. I've been doing some research on it. But what I've come to determine is we don't have a ventilation pipe up there or here. So we're going to rectify that. That'll be another video. But for now, we're just taking all this rock here that Koyamaik put down here, off of the septic tank. As you can see, it's coming around. This is going to go out to the driveway. And I'm going to show you that here. I'm not going to walk all the way out in the video, but I'm going to go out and show you. So let me make my way there. Lady Jazz out with Baby Sky, getting in some morning sunshine. But it's going to wind me up. Yes, it is. So especially with this little drip of nose, we don't want to keep it mounted too long. Okay. All right, it's time I'm going to go out to the front. Okay. Ciao. Say bye. Say bye, bye. Skyler. He's fussing now. He's fussing now? Yes. Yeah. He's usually a morning person with the brightness there and everything. Okay. Let me go. Okay, wait for me here. Here's what this other pile of sand that was here. We took the majority of that. We got a little bit left there and brought it out. We're getting there. I took a shovel yesterday and this is where they dug one of our poles. They run the wires. Look at this. I think the bottom pole is the neighbor's electrical wire. And the top, excuse me, the wire is electrical wire. The neighbor's wire and the one above that is the PODT wire. Why he went from that top of that metal pole over there to come down to this. I don't know. Too lazy to go up the top of that pole. I'm calling it like it is. I'm calling it like it is. Anyway, there comes James on his bike. Anyway, I filled in this area here and filled it back in here in a couple of places. Let me go this way. Over here. Same thing. I filled that in, spread it out and filled it back in there yesterday. Or the pole. It was popped up. And there was also from dirt that I took from here. It was darker dirt yesterday. I took it from here. And I brought it out here. Look at all this garbage. It was funny. I took some brown brush. It was over here yesterday. It's over there. I think it's over there. And I just moved it over here on this side of the road. If I can't wear everything else, as you see this here. This is all the same property. So they're okay with this. When I moved a little bit of brown brush that was basically this and dried out. And I moved it over there yesterday. I walked back and they moved it back over here. I didn't like that little brown brush, but they didn't mind all this crap. Okay. People just, they're just something else. Look here. There's more garbage than yesterday. That wasn't here yesterday. See how I'm saying? There's more garbage. You know what I'm saying? Something, something, something. Even more garbage. It's anyway. What we were doing yesterday. That's Bayon, EJ's back. Here's what we're doing yesterday. We're putting the sand and the dirt from there up here. I cleared out some things over here. That's Nileeta. So we're basically going to bring out some more here today and level this out. So I got a wider turn in the area. Good morning. Yes, good morning. Yeah, so we can turn in and sit on me hitting that pole all the time. Yeah, so we're bringing it out here and spreading it out a little bit. Let it rain, pack it in. We got some more, maybe five or six more wheel burlodes. Yeah, just having a chat with Nile about everything and stuff. See this? See this? Even if I was to put up a sign, it would be ignored. See, that's a branch, right? Anyway, so all this is okay. But I'm going to show you what I put over to the side. I guess they saw me do it yesterday. I don't know. But we'll see. I didn't think it would matter because you know, you get all this on their property. You know, but oh well, it is what it is. I just thought it was funny. Someone walking down there with the garbage. I'll show you what I'm talking about. Because I distinctly is. I put that over there purposely. I just took it from here. There it is. Is that brown? I put it over here. And they left their garbage in the basura and they put it back over here. See, it was funny. It was them people over there. They're the people that had their goats eaten. They used to be a sign saying about somebody eating their goats or something. Hope they enjoyed it or something like that. Anyway, here's James. We're just first load. So I'm going to walk back with him. And I tell him we're dumping all this garbage. He's got to be picked up. Next project. To the brunt, my shovel. One of those young James was put the pile there as well. So we're going to put my two more here. Spread it out. I want the rock on top of the sand. And the rest of the stuff over there is going to bring over. We're going to put it over here on top of this sand. I just needed enough areas so I could turn in here. I don't know. I guess about my comments earlier about that little brush. It just amazed me. Because when I came here, this was fairly narrow. And there was no S1 sand. All this gray sand you see, I put that here. I bought it. And I had it put here. And it was all S1 sand. It even covered the middle of the grass before. It looked really nice. Go back to some of my other videos. And it's just not appreciated here. You know, I didn't ask for help from them. Or them over there. Or neighbors on the other side. I didn't ask for help. Finances help or even physical help. I just did it. Because you know, this is the way going to my home. Our home, mine and Lady Jazz and the kids home. And I just wanted to look nice. I've cleaned it up several times. Taking all the greenery down, all this stuff on the sides. Cleaned it up, raked it up, cleaned up all the basura. Two to three times since we've been here. And it just gets back like this. And no one helps. No one carries their garbage to their home. Like they just store it here. Okay. Only people that come back here. These people that's worked on my property and the neighbors. So this is the neighbors. You know. Aw. Yeah, I just... It is what it is. I'm just transparent, right? Transparency. All right, it is what it is. The majority of the people just throw stuff down. I've seen them do it. I'll put up an ice cream as they're eating it and just put the garbage down. Okay. I'm teaching my children here not to do that. So you can stay there for now. We'll wake it up, burn it later. And we'll chop it down with the rest of the stuff. Aw. These folks to my right can kiss my bonkers. Okay, I'm going to do what I do here. And they're going to reap some benefits from it. And show no appreciation. It is what it is. I'm not looking for it, but you know, hey. Something that's petalist. Putting a little brown brush back on this side. You know, it's just... Uh-huh. What do you call it? Just small stuff. Not important. Anyway, make them way back to the house. I wanted to show you here. Okay, teach us how to eat j. So you can have some fun in the car. Why everybody's gone this week so you can do a solo. See if he knows how. Not the batteries, Charles. Low bat. Low bat. Well, if it sits here on the worksheet, yes, sir. It's going to have low bat. Okay, cool. There you go. Lisa's moving. You got car. Come back anytime. Two or three years. Come back by yourself. Don't be bringing no lady and bunch of babies back. It's a low bat. It's not going to go too far. But anyway, there he is. He's going to have it's fun. This is what we were waiting for. You get over to the land so I can get that car out and just run it. And you know, where we were, just no way to drive it. If he's got a whole big yard now with that batteries, I'm probably going to need to buy a new battery sometime near future. That one's been underutilized over Charles. So anyway. So what I had James do, why he's back on the deal about bringing the rocks out to the thing. I had him pick up some of these big huge concrete blocks left over that was munched together and merged together. What if you want to call it? Here and haul them over there between that so the bulldozer wouldn't have to deal with it. When he gets here, when he does get here. Okay, that's that. It's like DJ Stuck or the battery died. He said low bats. He should have took it over to the porch to plug it in. That's full charge, but you know the batteries. Yeah. That goes to help him. Okay, it's about 11.21. James is here. This is the finished product. We just put the sand and the dirt and the euro at the bottom and put the rocks here so I can turn in. And I got a nice wide turn. Looks good. We're just going to get packed down as we turn in here. It's a good job James. So now what we're just going to do is start here before he takes this. He's going to go all the way down, clean it up, the greens and break it up the brown leaves and the garbage. I'm just going to come back on this side here all the way over here, all the way down. I just spend the rest of his day to day and then tomorrow probably. So, and then Ben had like 6-7 or 8. Ladies show up here just before I walked out here with James. I was like, uh-oh. But fortunately for me, they're with the, they're from San Antonio Municipal Office. The barangay that doing the health census like we do in the States. There's like eight of them show up and they come and they start walking on the land over there and going to the Kubo. Come and ask them questions. I'm like, well, I'm like, see no coyote. And then they said, oh, sorry, we're from the barangay, we're from the health department. We're, what did they say, profiling? I was like, profiling. You know, I'm thinking criminal profiling. I'm like, what? What did I do? It's just a driveway. Just sand and rucks. But anyway, it wasn't that it's just a census just happened to happen today. Still no wiki, the bulldozer guy, even though he said the message was coming today. So, probably what I'm going to, I don't know. I'm thinking about, if he's not here by this afternoon, my first thought was just to message him say, just never mind. You can come and get your payment for what you're done. I just don't want to be strung out like this. I don't like it. Most people don't like being strung out. You know, okay, whenever, whenever, whenever. There's nothing wrong with us expecting you to be here on time. There's nothing wrong with us expecting you to be here when you just say you're going to be here. We live in the country by choice. We choose to be here. You know, we just want to respect you and want you guys to respect us. Our time is just as valuable as your time, you know, for the Filipino people. It's just sometimes frustrating, but I'm not upset. I just going to debate whether or not I'm going to move on without him and do it with shovels. I just keep this delay again going on. There's a couple of the ladies in the tricycle. Okay, bye-bye. There's two of them. There's a whole gaggle up over there on my front porch. I don't know why it takes so many to all ladies. So we'll see. I just thought it odd them showing up the same day I'm doing all this. So who knows? Maybe somebody went over and said, hey, the foreigners putting dirt and sand down on the highway, which I wasn't. I'm just putting them on the common way into the house. So that's probably the problem with them. We've been over to the barangay several times, getting several clearances, several requests. We've told them every time we're over here and no one's ever come out in the past year. So now that we're living here, maybe they decided, okay, because we've already hooked up electricity, trying to talk to the water company. This is by now, he's going to go pick up Sabrina for the lunch hour. So anyway, I still got a whole bunch of people over there. So hi folks, this is probably the final video for today. One is showing you here the PODT wire. It's right there and it's supposed to be up there. So, and Brother Jake comes back, we're going to get all this stuff put up where it belongs. So it's up there in the proper place over there, but here, but look how it hangs down. It should be up there. So we're going to get all that fixed. I'm all about doing it right. Okay, it's Brother JC's trying to practice on the tricycle. He's trying to work it. I'm not going to tease him. I usually tease him, but I see he's trying to work it. He's just got to get the gears down. I've been there, you know, the first time we gave him a motorcycle unite, and he's trying to get my ex-gooders and stuff. But I give him credit, he's out here trying to practice, trying to get better at it. And once he gets comfortable, he's going to say, what was I so afraid of? There he goes. Once he gets his moving, he's kind of okay. It's a start and go. That's the problem. But he's moving it back. There's ladies jazz over there. Watch him move a bit. That's good. See, going is no problem. He's got to practice on shifting the gears and stuff. It's not the easiest thing to do when you get on this rough terrain like this. But this is how you start it, where you can't hurt anything but yourself and your own pride. So, let him go. It would be easier for him to take the gears to school. He said, all that scooter is safer than a tricycle. School is only less than a quarter of a mile away. I can't see anything. Those are the jazz inside. Okay. And then he comes to James with another one. Five folks. And around and around we go. It's good for him. I'm not always surprised. I thought all Filipinos, especially the man, you had to drive tricycles and stuff. But I guess if you stay in the city and you use the transportation, you really don't need your own tricycle. So this is basically pretty much JC's country. First time in the country, even though they kind of grew up in Behold out there and stuff. It's still... Yes, it's his first time. Yeah. That's why he's out here practicing. So it's a little tough on the rough terrain, the hilly terrain. Yeah, it's heavy. This is the American size, foreigner size tricycle car. The problem is how to, you know? Yes, yes babe. The movement. Yes babe. I had this built for me to ride inside or another foreigner or something here. So it's a little bit more challenging than your normal, smaller tricycles that can't really fit into that well. The motorcycle was the same, but he's not used to the shifting. He used to auto-max scooters, so he'll practice good on him. Okay, I'm gonna stop recording. Go ahead, buddy. Actually didn't we hit that button as he was passing. Okay, folks, looks like they're getting ready to leave too. We've got a monopause in them, we call them. There we go, they're getting in the other tricycle. There's a couple of them walking here, so they won't mind. Thank you, sir. Hello ladies, thank you. They're gonna try to stick a turn on the round. They said nothing, they'll get a little child there too. Step aside, then. That's it. See you, bye-bye. Alrighty, get them out, we'll beat you. We'll find out and see what kind of questions they were asking.