 Smothered it completely, I think it's him. Oh! Oh my goodness, there's quick! Okay Mr. Cream, you're gonna go for a walk. Okay. Gonna take Mr. Cream out for a walk now. Come on Mr. Cream. Mr. Cream's gonna go for a little walk first now. Go on Cream Boy, you cook you had a go earlier. He enjoys being outside. It's a nice day. It's a nice day. Ah, he's got me all tired of how to get it. Look at that stalk, what is that to me? It's not used to walking on, I'll leave too much, we're not gonna let him off of the leave run around. But what's been happening in Omaha City is a lot of the wrong like haptins have been going around. Picking up stray dogs. Now a stray dog could be your impact. The definition of a stray dog is a dog that's outside your house, outside your property and isn't on the lead. So even if your dog's outside your front gate, they'd be classed as stray, they're taken in to the local pines. And if they're not cleaned, after not sure how many days it's not long though, they're not cleaned. Unfortunately they're euthanized, they put to sleep. So we tried to do this before we messed up the date. We're gonna get a COVID vaccine, this is for Isabella, myself, a booster. Jean's already had hers, but we need to have a booster as we're gonna be traveling to Manila. There's no leeway or grace period. If you don't meet the current restrictions, they send you back on your way. So you have to make sure we're as prepared as possible for traveling. So time for the jab. No. You've had your jabs cookies, aren't you? Turn today. Yeah, I didn't. Okay, so, uh, let's try again. Last time we got our days mixed up, we went down, it was wrong. Now getting a COVID vaccine in the Philippines is quite straightforward. There are many, many local sites you can just walk in. Or you have a valid ID, a QR code, then you can go get your vaccine done. So what are the elementary scores on Pavlo? I think we're gonna get our vaccine now. Why not wait for our vaccine. That's the steam job. It's quite warm. It's very angry, it's near the crime of Pavlo's own mix. Let's get the stand. It's gonna be your second dose. Your second vaccine. So I'm not gonna get mine then. It seems like it's not for me. I have to go to the Watson's to get the booster. Yeah. Only doing booster? Yeah, no, not doing booster. They're the biggest kid in the room. Still, but no. I see some. There were the same ages as the valid. Can you believe? You're so weak. I was about to turn soon for our vaccine. Second dose. I'm not trying to do anything. I'm not trying to do anything. I'm not trying to do anything. I'm not trying to do anything. How you feeling? The coin is a valid. There's all people watching. There's little kids here. They're very better than me. Got the vaccine card. I was easy, weren't I? I was freaking easy. So all the two seconds. Now you're fully vaccinated in travel. You can travel. I don't want to travel. You can take a bath. So, is the virus now okay? Travel. I'm going to score face to face. So we're back home now. Is the virus had a vaccine. She's all fine. She's going to be resting this afternoon. Jaina, myself, we've got a lot of work to do now. We're going to be tidying our house for our guests tomorrow. So when we moved to the Philippines, Jaina, myself, decided that we wanted to do things ourselves. Just like we did in England. So we tidy our house, we clean our house, do all of our cooking ourselves. We don't have a housekeeper, we don't have a maid. We just us, we do it all. And we enjoy doing it. Keeps you active. Keeps you occupied. We don't work anymore. So we've got a lot of time on our hands. And I would like to keep busy. A lot of people do have housekeepers in maids and I don't blame them. It's a hard job to keep the house tidy. Especially when it's warm and hot. But it's fun to do it yourself. Oh my word, what happened? Facts and some days of better into a monkey. So this is our, what we call the kids bedroom. It's a guest bedroom with two beds, one double, one single. A wall-drawering desk is about like the uses as a good internet signal here. So this here is our guest bedroom. It's not being used for guests from the UK before. We really wanted a room where people can come and stay at our house, friends and family. We can really enjoy themself. Some of them don't have to worry about disturbing us, where they have what they need here. Obviously they can come into the other rooms in the house as guests, as guests. This is one of the two windows in a guest room. This is the view right side. So you can see all the bug guard in this room. You've got a great view of the mountain. And also, if you look over there, you can see the sea. You can see pillar, one of the commoters islands in the background. We have screens on the windows, so that the windows can stay open. But flies mosquito stay out. Our dressing area, walking area for guest room. It's a little bit bad at the moment, all we have is a wardrobe. Now it's another window here as well. Gaining it a nice view. And what we plan to do is in this corner here, is have a chair or two, or maybe a little sofa, a side table. And on this wall here, have a full length standing mirror. There are spotlights and a main light on the ceiling fan. But there's still plenty of room. You could always put a dressing table in here, or maybe an entertainment unit with a TV. There's so much we could do still. Also an ensuite bathroom here. Just need to finish tidying it up a little bit. A bit of a hand towel. We have a hot and cold shower, electric shower. It's really, really strong. Get great water here. Pretty natural water pressure. A window at the back, this one doesn't have a screen. But we can open it. It's a mirror. I think I need to change this one, actually. Make this nice and new. It's where we live in the corner. I'm going to get this ready for our guest tomorrow. So we started to finish our dirty kitchen area. We're going to have a barbecue in the middle here. Have a few shelves, the top shelf here. We're going to put the charcoal. We're going to have a grill. On the top. Paint it. And we're going to look for some nice tiles. Some natural looking tiles, actually. But there you are, my darling. So, Jane's going to pick some flowers for the house from the garden. So, Jane's always wanted a garden to grow wild flowers. So we can bring them into the house, put them in the vase and decorate it. It's going to make the house feel nice, look nice. And especially farm visitors tomorrow. So it's a Friday evening. We're going to be picking them up tomorrow around lunchtime. Bring them home here. They've not been to Ormott before. It's going to be their first time visiting. And we're looking forward to seeing them again. Looking forward to having them stay with us. He's really nice. He's grew really quickly as well. They're not yellow though, they're orange. They're orange. These orange flowers grew really, really quickly. Red roses here. Cream sniffing them. Then he sniff his bum. I don't think cream appreciates flowers too much. He's sniffing them then he sniffing his bum. Another spurt, hasn't it? Look at another growth spurt. He never stops growing the bamboo. It's so quick. And if a pie are we kept here? It's got quite a lot of little flowers, but no real food that we can see. I think the bamboo is smothered it completely. I think it's here. Oh my goodness, there is quick. You alright? You okay? That's really loud, didn't it? I've never felt that from outside before. Wow. That's good. I've got a light bang, that was quite strong earthquake. I just felt that your feet were going to be taking that fun to the nephew. We'll take some getting used to, but earthquakes do happen here. The whole house shook. Just, wow. You can feel it, you can see it. Oh dear. Some predictable sometimes living here. It's fun though. But, wow. You can't take things like this for granted though, you got to be careful. What is the code, you? My heart's pounding a little bit, but... These things, living in the Philippines, keeps on your toes. We do get them now and then. Later is on a fault line where we are, quite close. Oh, it just feels like the whole wind's been taking that out of you, doesn't it? Do you feel like your breath's gone completely? Oh my goodness, this camera, I thought it was going to look like the house, the house was shaking. Oh my god. Now the worst thing about you off the plate is you don't know if that's the start of it or the end of it. There might be more shocks to come. I could be just, got for a bit, just... I pre-looted something bigger, hopefully not though. You just don't know, it keeps you on your toes though, when it does happen. In fact, you can relax that much, you can expect them somehow. Just one of the adjustments you have to make when you move to the Philippines. Earthquakes, typhoons, thunderstorms. You get it all really, but a slyph. It's what you sign up for when you come to live to the Philippines. It's not all bad, obviously, you get so much great here. But you do get some white, you do get some, uh, off the word, some natural things. Happen that can keep you on your toes a little bit. Really shaky a bit. It's scary, really scary. You okay? I'm gonna scare you. Let me scare you, okay? It's alright. It's okay. I'm gonna fall in the floor. It's okay, I'm gonna fall in the floor. You don't want it, okay? Just go in there. You do expect that it will happen just like that minute? No. I feel like I'm going to run upstart to get some bail and then... Yeah, sheffan is about to ship you okay, I'm sure. The house is still standing there, everything. Just, uh... Just don't wire her, okay? Okay, don't wire. It's gonna go high. It's over now. It's scary. It's still so good. Shaking, oh my gosh, she's shaking my down. Ah, she's shaking. I don't know about... I never used to scared with earthquake before, you know. I think as you grow older, as you grow older, you get more scared. You desensitized because you've left... You've lived outside of the... Philippines? Yeah, you've lived outside of the Philippines for so long, you desensitized. You, um... In the UK, you don't get any earthquakes at all ever. If there is one, it's... You don't even feel it. But in the Philippines, you get one a month, two a month, five a month. You do get quite a few. Um... You just don't get prepared for it, I don't think. Once you live here and you grow up here and you... It's part of your life. You're accustomed to it, but... When you leave it all behind and come back, I don't think you ever really adjust. Alex having nice, it's beautiful. Open my garden.