 Five wacky things about the Philippines. Yes. We know quite a bit, obviously, about the Philippines. Troopinski, I think he's one of his favorite countries. He's lived there for a while. And this guy that's been to every country in the world and the Philippines is one of his favorites. Yes, so we're going to learn a few of the wacky things. Filipino culture from someone who's lived there for a while as a foreigner. The only thing we need to know about the Philippines is who's the boss now. And it's Josh and his out. Wow. Who's the boss now? That's been 19. It's been 19. Yeah. But all right, let's check this out right here. Right now, hopefully you guys enjoy it. If you do subscribe, like the video. We have an Instagram that we're posting. Our travel's on. We're in Georgia, to build C-George right now. Yeah. Like I'm a cusp of Asia and Europe. So if you want to see what we're doing, we're starting a travel channel here really soon. Just opened it today, actually. So it should be up while by the time this video is posted. Yes. Link in the comments and description as well. Yes. So check it out. We'll be posting our Filipino vlogs on that channel once we go there. So that will be very cool. Very cool. All right, let's do this. What are the wacky things? And how many of them are we going to already know? The Philippines isn't that safe? About 2300 days. Days on the road. What does it just mean? Like days in the Philippines or days? That must be how many days he's been traveling. Yeah, that's a lot of time. A total. That's almost like six, seven years. I cannot be. That has to be including going home. There's no way he has gotten for a seven-year straight. Maybe it just means in total, too. Yeah, that's what I think it is. It's just total on the road. Because usually when you're saying, day, whatever, it's like in sync. But he's just trying to expand his, sort of buff up his numbers. Drew, Tisks, Tisks. The Philippines is an amazing country. And I've spent, Oh, a drone. One life here. As an American. The culture shock in the Philippines is less extreme than most places in Asia, like Japan. Don't eat your ass. All for the food. Or Tajikistan. I'm going to eat your body. Because... Everyone gets to eat slowly, thankfully. That being said, there are pretty quirky things that notice the bathroom. Is that the Jolaby? If we actually see the Jolaby, we have to get him to do an SP-19 dance with us. What's... We can only do... We'll find him. That ain't funny, man. That might have you scratching your head, like eating sweet spaghetti with red hot dogs and replacing toilet paper with buckets of water. So now I present you... That will be interesting. The top five of our guest days about Filipino culture. Number one, balut. So we came across balut, which is a Filipino tree. They took it with a panda or a sushi snack that is a developing, boiled balut in embryo that already has bones and feathers. I can just eat anything in the world, and I pretty much have... This is called the Century Egg. It's a really old preserved egg. But balut is one of the hardest things to swallow. Number two. Oh no! So Drew Banskirt didn't like it. We ate zucchini at a Greek restaurant, picture of the food here. It was mushy. Like, not even like... It was just mushy. And... It tasted good. It tasted good, and it was mushy. And we both had a gay grief like to it. We're not gonna be able to do it. No. The thing about the zucchini, I think it had an outer layer, and then we bit into it, and then the way it was, there was solid chunks in it, but I don't know what it was, but it was so weird. Balut will be interesting. We got... Apparently it tastes good, and like we said about the zucchini, it tasted good. Mm-hmm, yeah. I think if we just a kept eating it, eventually we'd be like, okay. I mean, yeah, a lot of the foods that I did, like before, I just kept eating them, and slowly I liked them more and more. Yeah. Testers. Yeah, that's the biggest thing. That's... Because they always have tasted good. It's just the texture. I always have hated it, but a lot of them I built up to you. I mean, he doesn't even like the texture of mashed potatoes. Yeah. Mashed potatoes. So imagine a little birdie. A birdie bird. Yeah, upset. You might be thinking, true. Isn't everyone obsessed with social media? This needs... Yes. Yes. So the translation is even close to using social media as much as Filipinos do, particularly Facebook. They're on it all day long. In fact, they love being online so much. You think Drew Binsky was like, hey, everyone go on your phones. I'm gonna film you now. Definitely. I mean, fake laugh, fake laugh. Ah-ha. True. They've earned a title of social networking capital of the world. And on the same note, one selfie is never enough. Number three. Send me little time. Carbors drunk. Supposed to be here in five minutes. I don't know. Call him. Call him. Ah, I got him. Okay. What? Hey, where are you? I'm already on my way. I'm okay. Most island countries will claim to have their own leaves in time, but nothing is slower than Filipinos. Wow. In other words, being late here means being early. Sometimes, I feel like they do it on purpose. But then again, traffic is a nightmare. Oh. You see this behind me? Tell someone to meet for dinner at eight. Then you can expect them in 845 or nine. Number four. Spoon and fork only. Most of the world, to my knowledge, uses a knife and a fork to eat if they're not using chopsticks or their hands. Spoons are only used for eating soup or dessert. But in the Philippines, spoons are used as both a spoon and a knife. Using the knife. Interesting. Cut meat. You will almost always be served a spoon and a fork. Rarely a knife. Number five. Noisy people. If you know me or seen any of my videos about the Philippines, what the fuck is that? Then you know how much I love the people here. As I've said many times, Filipinos are the friendliest people in the world. But sometimes, they are too friendly. As a foreigner, they will ask me so many questions, simply because they are curious to know and they are shy to be overly direct. Drew, you don't look well. Drew, I think it came way. Wait. This video as a negative one, it was made at a pure good intention. I love this country more than any other. And I just wanted to share some of my perspectives with you. I'm Drew Binsky and if you like my travel videos, please. Hey Drew Binsky. All right. Some more wacky things about the Philippines. We actually learned some things here. More about like, I guess the Filipino time is an interesting one. The spoon and fork thing, that's pretty interesting. Yeah, yeah. And the other ones be somewhat new already. So it's cool to see the new ones of spoon and fork. That is very interesting. Really interesting. I mean, a lot of times for me, I just cut everything with my fork and it lays. Stab it, like sideways down and then stab. Or when I eat steak, I just stab it and just eat it off the fork, like a barbarian. But you know. Oh, meat boy. Oh. That's how I eat it. And I make those noises while I eat it. You say to me, just boy. Meat boy, meat boy. Super meat boy. Yes, super meat boy. Video on our new gaming channel. It's not there's a one yet, but there will be. And we're gonna cry. But yeah, Philippines, I'm excited to go. He's been to every country in the world and he loves the Philippines. So we gotta go there and check it out, obviously. But we're never gonna be letting because COVID exists. Yes. So once we get an opportunity though, we will try to strive. We'll fly in there and then fill band foreigners. And then we'll be deported or something. Yeah, I'm gonna like get out. They'll send us out on a canoe into the ocean. Hopefully we can arrive in them all to use. Yeah. Hopefully you guys enjoyed it. If you did, subscribe, like the video. We got more Filipino stuff coming soon. So keep being wacky. Over there. New little waxers. Wacky. See you later. Bye.