 Hi, good morning guys! I'm our third day in El Nido. Just starting the vlog when we are already on our way to our boat because today we are doing a tour. First, on El Nido tour of my parents, we are doing tour A today. And which? So very excited for this day. It's raining, we are in full beach gear and approaching the boat already. Walking to the boat guys, exciting, having done the same for so many years. Yo, what? You are a big, beautiful couple of bats. Good morning! Guys, we started the tour with a hold on the boat. So we are transferring to another one, the one right behind us and we will jump as they said to the new boat. And you can see the grass. Ready for the jump. Nice to meet you, couple. This is the name of your black mom. Susinda Philippines. Susinda Philippines. Oh, for. I will be the first to jump. I will be the first to jump guys. Jumps are successful. What is your favorite? They just altered our schedule a little bit. We will have a different first stop, which is closer. But, doesn't matter guys, we go with the flow. We go wherever they take us. It's going to be beautiful anyway. It's gonna enjoy and relax. Welcome guys on our first stop, which is Paha Yabiche. We are right next to Semankomendos Beach, but our tour guide said that he brought us here instead because it's particularly the same looking place. Except it's a lot less on touristy, like scrawded and the sun is nice. And there's also snorkeling area. Wow! He was right to look at the sun. It's so powdery. Right? This is beautiful. I need to touch this way before I do anything. Wow! I got this type of snorkeling mask because it's so beautiful. I need to touch this way before I do anything. Wow! I got this type of snorkeling mask because it's so beautiful. It's not that bad right now because it isn't that bad. I did go anywhere because of this. Should I touch it with my favorite snorkeling mask? Or else- It can't rely on it. Say hi man. Ok. I'm not going to be a good guy. I'm not going to be a good guy. I'm not going to be a good guy. I'm not going to be a good guy. I'm not going to be a good guy. I'm not going to be a good guy. Oh, I feel, I feel, I feel, I feel so alive. As a result, we shall reach, we shall reach, we shall reach out to the sky. I found my way. The Arais guys are so soft, no, I think they are a similar island, maybe. They are so soft, I think they are a bit much, I think they are a bit much. That's really used to deep water, but she managed. She carried, she used to ask. This is the home, my hair is so messy, I don't mind it. Look at the beautiful view inside, because this part is a little white sun beach, which is more stores like lunch spots, so there's a lot of people waiting for their lunch, but look at this beautiful dark-oys color bath, so everywhere. This is like, truly paradise. Look at that guy, he's a bather, food delivery. He's not having an easy time because of him, that he would write down. It's so beautiful here, down here on the bottom of the limestone rock. That's the oil over there, and we are now right under them. From the high. I can't get enough oil so how powdery the sun is and how blue the water is. Hiding from the sun. It's very sunny. You even carry the woman. You don't even carry the woman because this is the front, but the standing there. And then when they were walking through, they just saw the tendency to think it's okay when it gets cold. You're carrying the tourist. Oh, it's so nice here. So much good food guys, we have tuna, shrimp, squid, vegetables, a double pan, vegetables, fruit. So nice even if we don't pick the meaty option, there are so many choices. I'm very happy. We go out, meet the burger. Yeah, don't look at it. Don't look at it. The food was so good guys, but we are so full. We had just slowly backing away from it, making sure that we really don't want to eat anymore. It's the best crop I've ever tried and the shrimp was so good and the fish was so good. That was so much because really, for some reason, no one else wanted to take the nice crab and shrimp, so we had a lot to enjoy. They ate funcita and rice so much. They ate funcita and rice only, so we didn't have to fight on the best bites because we could eat it on no one else's funcita. This view adds like an extra 100 points to it. I just came to the Bacosimisu Island behind the other tourist and suddenly so different vibes. The boi-sum of the rocks are making some cave. I'm so stunned and there's suddenly quiet and like some box sounds. Look how beautiful it is. Wow. My dad explained cave exploring also. So, now I'll keep you all alone. It's not a big deal. For me, this is my annual, it's true paradise because the vites and beaches are beautiful. The Torcoes vites are beautiful but even like small details like wherever you look just. The trees, like the vines, the roads, the grove, here on these rocks. Just everywhere you look, every tiny detail. Extremely beautiful and there's something to explore literally everywhere. What do you have? Carful in the cave. Ha! Trying to get back to our boat but it's going to only part further and then we'll be in the ruse today for some reason. Yeah, I think it's a little bit more beautiful. We are trying to fight our way back to the boat. Everyone is floating. It's got deep for the London. It's not a cable, it's a little bit short. That's what fun. They saved my mum's face. We are going to the secret lagoon dance. We are just going to stop by and go down because we are a little bit delayed on our schedule. It's a little bit too dangerous. Yuhu! What's up? It's a little bit too long. Really? Okay. Okay. My mum has the best. She's getting too. I'm even the beach around the secret lagoon. It's a beautiful coconut tree. Beautiful rock. My father is floating and Jonathan. That's you for me, isn't it? My mum is very impressed on how helpful everyone is. It's just like all people, you are so nice and helpful. Online carol, she can swim but she's never been like in waves. She's a bit up-trade of it when the waves are suddenly hovering first. Just to be sure she's getting put. We arrived to the entrance of the secret lagoon. It's like a little cave door where you have to climb through to enter. So it's quite secret lagoon because that tiny cave is the only entrance to the place. It's not that much of a secret, otherwise because there are a lot of people here. That's also why the weather is less clear here than in other parts of the area. It's really cool and I'm back to how you can swim. Literally it's like a cave all around us. You don't see anything just the beautiful rocks in 360 view. Jonathan, it's finding secret passage, right? You found a real secret. I need to dive there. Can't you see the river? It's a cave inside of a cave. It's a recoup. It's so cool. I guess it's the other way around. I guess something. And now guys, we are at the entrance of the big lagoon. It's one of the most beautiful places in El Lido. We are going to enter with the cave. It's going to be a bit of a challenge because the waves are quite big by part of the fun. Bye. Bye. Bye. Good job. Just a little bit. Look. Oh, it's a cave. Oops. Fajak crash. We are entering the lagoon guys. The water is already so beautiful. It's all the way to the entrance. Look at this crystal clear water. It looks like some kind of painting. Wow. We arrived to Paradise. Guys, this looks like a swimming pool of chemicals. Wow. It's the blue west of the blue west water. Look at this. Wow. I said it a lot today but wow. Oh, Jonathan is doing extreme sports. Oh, it's the squatting, Fajak. That's why I saw the picture. You are so good at detail. You don't even have to pedal. I am just chilling. Some bathing, vlogging. Jonathan is doing 90% of the work. You know you did. Don't believe him. My dad is quite good at it also. My mom is also chilling. Last time when we were in the middle of the year, we went through the big lagoon here. But we only went through the boat. Basically everyone was just taking their picture on the nose of the boat. So ever since I've been dreaming about kayaking through big lagoon because I see everyone on Instagram doing it. And I was like, oh, too bad. We just went through the boat. No boat. It seems they changed the roads and boats. So anymore the big lagoon only kayaks and what a good idea they had. Good heaven. That's the boat. I'm not going to go. I'm not going to go. I'm not going to go. I'm not going to go. It's good. I'm going to go to the airport. Back to the mainland guys. How is the tour? It was so good. I'm going to go and win everything. If I could organize my private boat tour, but next time if I would organize a private boat tour in El Nido, I will just go to Big Lagoon and spend half of the day there and then maybe do one more snorkeling because it's so beautiful that you can easily spend a day there. Meanwhile my dad is checking all the shelves on the shore. I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. They are very fit by now because they like never swim much. They like swimming much. Anything all of this is like a first. So they got tired but everyone loved it. We have one more challenge for the day though because it's our first snorkeling spot. Our water proof bug. We trade us and my phone is so good and broken. It turned off. It was not a great start for the trip but now that we are back on the mainland, we will try to find a different hopefully. It will still be alive. And as you probably heard, the phone was definitely not alive. You can listen to the whole story in our uploaded live. But this is going to be the end of the vlog now. And can't wait to upload the next one. So thank you so much for watching and we will see you next time in the next vlog. Bye!