 Filipino street food at Roxas Night Market in Davao. This time we're gonna actually watch a video where they're in the Philippines eating Filipino street food. We have not done that yet. No, we have not. So we need to know what the street food is like here. Not just some Americans eating it. We got a night market as well. Yeah, well it is an American eating it, but they're in the Philippines this time. Yeah! So let's see how this is. Let's see what the food is like. I see the street food market in the world. In the world? Oh, and jeez, we saw some India stuff that was super cheap. So this should be very intriguing. So hopefully you guys enjoy. If you do subscribe, like the video. Let's do this. Here we go. Every time I go to the Philippines, I try to find some balls to put in my mouth. Okay. Mmm, that's a good ball. Whoa! Welcome to Rojas Night Market. The largest market in Davao city. What a tough question. That is when the charcoals get lit up. People start barbecuing. There's all kinds of meat, smoke in the air, and that's how you know it's going down. It's hugely popular among students and locals from 6 p.m. each night. You may know. You sample all the flavors of the filigal in for cheap. If you just come here with $5, you can absolutely try five different foods, maybe even 10 different foods. In this market, you can find robust sit-down meals, barbecue, and more. So we're on the lookout for affordable street food, and you won't believe how much we got for less than $8. I think it was the quail balls that we made this way. Right, me and Tum. We'll try some Filipino classics. Like, here at Rojas Market in Davao. It's going to be a protein pack sensation. Some foods that are new to me. It's a stomach of the chicken. Whoa. I think I've had a chicken stomach before. And even street food with some interesting side effects. My teeth are not more white. That's a thing, you know sir. It darkens teeth. It doesn't whiteen teeth. What happened? What's happening? Seeing? I've got my $8. Let's eat. $8. Oh, dang. Wow, so much food. That'd be crazy just to walk around that place. On the mat, I'm going to see if I can order some food from here. Hello. Hello. Hi. Can I order? I'm just staring at you. Here, they've got some marinated pork sausage, is that potato or fat? Just pork skin? Oh, right. Nice. We've got this one. They call it Esau. Oh, this is a chicken. This is a fish. Oh, yeah. Intested. For 20, 20 is thick. Is that a good deal? Let me know in your hometown how much you pay for chicken and testin. Can I have one of these? Two of these? And I'll get an Esau. We're waiting on that to grill up and then, ooh, we're going to eat it. Bam. There it is. Our skin and look, the hair came right off of the pig skin. We've got some chicken and testin and some of the pork there with their country gravy. Which country? The Philippines. We have our pork right here. Try it out. It's so soft. It's so soft. It's so soft. The sauce is very yummy. The pork is perfect. It's sweet, a little salty. Here, we have Esau. Now, Esau is special to me because when I first came to the Philippines, we found some in the streets. And it was my first episode. I didn't know what I was doing and I was like, it just tastes like barbecue. Animal. I'm trying to look inside. Is there anything in there? That's fine, right? It wasn't as good as my descriptions now. Watch this description. Oh. Oh. Mmm. Mmm. It's like chewy, meaty. It's like grilled meat. Mmm. Oh, grilled meat. Oh. The skin. The skin. Let's try it out. Yeah, cheese. I did not expect that. I was yummy. It is fatty, chewy and crispy. And just has a little bit of meat. It is fatty, chewy and crispy. And just has some wonderful flavors on there. Very nice. Oh, look, over here. Hello. That's the big one I've had. Everyone's very friendly here. I got a lot of people out here just got out of school. So they're coming here for a snack. Let's keep going. Oh. Dureen. Oh, and cheese. Can I have a Dureen Bucci? How much is that? Three for 20. And then here, the showmine. Both of these is still less than a buck. They got hot mayonnaise here. I've got my showmine here. I'm going to show my audience about this food right now with the hot mayonnaise. Oh. Is that a quality move? Do you approve of that? Guys, still the beans love showmine. Take a look. I'm going to double it up. It's nice. What is it? I don't know. I don't know. Hot mayonnaise. Have you had your hot mayonnaise? I have to eat it. I have to eat it. I have to eat it. I have to eat it. I have to eat it. I have to eat it. I have to eat it. I have to eat it. I have to eat it. I have to eat it. Very tasty snack with a chewy outer part, very salty, kind of the medium-sized, a sweet hot mayonnaise. And the only way to cool off after that is with some durian buchi. Have you seen this before? It's got sesame seeds on the outside. Let's go for it. Buchiers. Snoucci buchiers. That's very yummy. It has kind of a glutinous rice fried texture on the outside with tons of sesame seeds. A gooey durian filling. Oh, yummy. I'm sure. No clue if that would taste like it. That's a nice buchi. I just wanna real just wanna real deal just wanna real stuff Yeah, these are pretty much all of these things like I can assume what the pork on a stick would taste like but that sauce is probably something we've never sure had and then whatever those like looked like dumplings but yeah and even like the intestine like he seemed to make it seem so it was just like grilled chicken like pork type taste but yeah who knows we have some different kinds of fried intestine What's that one? That is chicken rubin Is that ass? It's not that one, it's not that one Stomach, that sounds fun, let's try that Right now, she's gonna prepare it The preparation is very in depth, it takes a lot of steps And here it is Each of these sticks is five pesos for these four, it's 20 and that is still 150 cents This may be one of the most cheapest markets in the world Here, some chicken stomach, I've never had chicken stomach have I? Let's try it out To be honest everything is fried, it all tastes kind of like fried meat But very nice texture, little chewy, little crunchy And then we got that nice spicy ketchup in there to just bring it on home Spicy ketchup Let me Is it spicy banana ketchup? My feet Corn Corn Next food I know what that tastes like Small, 15 large, 20 I think I'm going to have a lot of sweet corn What I prefer to is not just corn Cheese flavor, sour cream, barbecue flavor What the hell is that? Cheese, I love cheese I love cheese Oh wow, that looks healthy What the? Check out this corny combo We got the cheese seasoning and then a glob of butter I want one of those butter squeezeers, find my bed at home That's butter Can I buy all this butter from you? That's so yellow Not everything's for sale All right, we've got butter, we've got cheese and we've got corn, let's try it out I wonder what that is like All in your thing Not a lot of surprising flavors, I'm going to be honest That is margarine and corn with cheese powder Choose your seasoning What are you serving here today? This one is quickly Cheese balls Oh, they got fish balls Okay, I'll do one quekwek, fish balls, squid balls And then two cheese sticks Cheese sticks Bam Quekwek Quekwek Quekwek Quekwek They call it like token egg, quekwek is with the quail egg But here, they got a whole chicken egg It's going to be a protein-packed sensation Let's try it out I'm a big fan, take a look It's a massive egg Not so crunchy, but a nice salty spice I like it Quekwek Here at Roast Market in Davao So I don't know if it's like cartoiled basic I like your balls and the fish And like every time I go to the Philippines I try to find some balls to put in my mouth Balls of fish That's a good ball I gotta say, the most unique part of the fish ball Is that they pre-mixed ketchup and mayonnaise And they're bottled there And squirt it on top The ball itself It's got a nice little chewiness, mushyness to it I love that one It's got layers of crunchiness to it I enjoy that I'm not on a non-beling sexy Well guys, welcome to the nuts store Listen, the last thing I want to see in the comments Is like, oh, sunny west I'm going to have a nice day I'm going to have a nice day I'm going to have a nice day I'm going to have a nice day I'm going to have a nice day I'm going to have a nice day Sunny went to the Philippines So he could put balls and nuts in his mouth I don't want to see any of that We came here to get nuts And we can do it like adults Well these look yummy Can I have one garlic and one sugar coated? Sure How much is a portion? It's 10 pesos It's 10 pesos First shot of peanut Oh, they got cheese Yo, we went to Korea And Myeongdong Market everything at cheese And everything here has cheese powder Well, salt me away I'm going to start with this piece of garlic Oh, it's yummy. It's like burnt garlic flavor. Hmm, those are good nuts salty oily and freshly roasted and the best way to chase that is with some homemade sugary covered peanuts Let's try that mm-hmm love it sweet crunchy and it will be perfect with beer. I'll tell you that where can I find a beer? Chocolate Gucci That's just right Dynamite with cheese. I don't know if I was saying to eat it my ex it might explode this explode Bro looks like a pepper. Yeah. Oh, yeah, what if it's super spicy then if we see dynamite with cheese Chicken dragon ball that might flame all over your mouth We're gonna go to this place. It's all gonna be in English, but we're gonna be like what the heck is a chicken chicken ball? Yeah, and then chicken fried sea on my We have it all going on here. This is kind of like a spring roll here chicken doubling. Okay, what is that one? Is that hot? I want some dynamite man. We're gonna get one order of dynamite one order of chicken doubling Guys we got some chicken dumplings. They put a massive amount of chili oil on there Hey, thanks so much for that. Let's try it out. Please don't burn my face. Uh chicken doubling Mm-hmm Man in my show is a delicious run-cheap meaty a little bit. I'm comfortably warm It's very spicy and now we're stepping up to the dynamite Actually chili wrapped up and fried look at that Watching the white guy in the spicy food. That's just a whole chili there. Whoo. It's a little spicy So hot dynamite next time you're at this market you got to get the dynamite the dynamite Bam what are you selling here today? Hold on did you say cucumber lemonade? Why why does that exist is this coconut? I'll do it. I'll take it Let's go for it Oh That's really delicious. It's like the treasure of near the equator gods. It's so creamy and delicious. I love it Guys we cannot finish this trip in the Philippines without at least try and balloon once For this little guy it is 18 days What is he says cheap? I hear I advise you if it's your first time eating balloon to kind of soften your eyes Unpocus your gaze a little bit because it is one of those foods with the most opposite Yumminess tasting to yummy. It's looking factor. Okay, that's the balloon We're gonna throw a little vinegar on there and there's no way to do it But to just toss the whole thing back the whole way. Oh baby Mmm-hmm Come here very I gave very warm it is one of those foods the first couple times the texture can be off putting but after you have No You really start to enjoy the texture as well as the flavor very good Texture can be off putting that's a bad gift for us. No, not at all Rice and free soft drinks for seven. That's under two dollars It's happening she's putting in rice and this right now is limited to that container But I could get more rice later if I want to and 50 grams of pork putting it on the scale look if you give me 55 That's cool. You can give me 56 57 I won't tell anybody okay Thank you Oh, this is included I'm telling you this is the best value market that I've ever been to and so I'm gonna say in the world Here we have the actual pork on limited rice to yeah I'd be pretty solid my me fatty crunchy porky goodness. I love it little coconut cold water wash it all down She has ice cream Charcoal ice cream what does that even mean? What what here's some health benefits if you didn't know about this whiteen's teeth It treats alcohol poisoning and helps prevent hangovers, which is gonna be very useful for tonight Okay, can I have one? Oh, it's looking dark. It's looking very charcoal What I've never seen ice cream this color how much is this? Still under a buck. Oh, it's starting to drip. I'm gonna get it. The heck was it smoke It's sweet it's creamy. I don't have a good frame of reference for this It's like there's little grains of sand the flavor is good It's just it's kind of vanilla a little bit. It's just sweet and creamy than the texture once you get past the creaminess It's like little bits of sand like what the heck are my teeth black My teeth are not more white It darkens teeth. It doesn't whiteen teeth. What happened? Interested charcoal Charcoal in a lot of things suddenly When I recommend this market 100% if you're a student if you want to try a bunch of different things They do serve more like robust meals and like aside from the food is there just an awesome vibe here Everyone's very happy Cheerful jovial it's service with a smile also for you guys this video was made possible by one trip Vietnam All right, wow, so there's some foods there but like pretty interesting the dumplings I would pop some of those dumplings there'd be for ice you though They doubt them in that chilly though. I'm ready for it. I'm sure they'd be good though and then balloons again I mean even he said it was good the texture though. That's the thing That's the thing only 12 cents. Yeah, that is not not much. No. Oh, geez that there's a lot of good food like in there I'm very curious to see some of the food in the food like that. I mean that market like massive That was just like street food too. There's like the restaurant food and I homemade food that people like Other things are so pretty food even just like grocery store snacks and stuff like that Well, what are we doing those for Hopefully you guys enjoyed the video if you did subscribe like the video let us know what else we should check out Filipino food Filipino whatever in the comments below Hopefully we should be coming to the Philippines eventually. We keep you in comments and Like we just got an Instagram DM about it too like oh, what do you guys comment? We can't whenever it opens. Yeah, it is impossible for us to do unless if we are To the Philippines on like business or some sort of an extreme exemption business of eating food See you later. Bye You