 Filipino dance groups with wild crowd reactions. Look guys, we have seen, you know, like what Filipino crowds are like to artists. It's really beautiful. It really is. I think I've seen a Filipino dance group before, but now they're both combined. You know, the dance groups with some wild crowd reactions. This was linked. And so as soon as I saw it, I was like, oh, I am high-freed. So I want to see the reactions plus the dance group. Come on now, bro. Let's shake this out together. Please, let's go. Ah, this is a good song too. They did it, bro. What are we saying? The same Portuguese. Foda. Foda. That was amazing, bro. That's a shy above. Oh, no way, no, he landed. No, no, you didn't do the shot with the outside. Yo, I can't get over that guy. The front look with the shot outside now. Right timing perfectly. Wait a minute. Right with the stop. Nah, this is too good, bro. You'll look at the sink. Nah. Yeah. Too much. I think. Take that a tan, bro. Yo, are they perfect? Nah, those those were as perfect. Yo. Yeah. We're basking. Now is dude. This stuff is too live, bro. A crowd, too, bro. That is so dumb. Yeah. No. Rough. Lane. Ding.テpeiullyeah. No. main the Oh Wait, is that like always that's what he's right Oh Not as sick a corn to crowd feeling it Dude if it's it's the classic anime's Oh It's slow motion flips Na na Killed it, bro Dude Oh Hey I You're the ring but dinner's ready, but what? Wait, what he just put on You You're not gonna do You Nah, they so good, but with the timing Again, yo, you did it again Yeah I love their aggressive style with this stuff, bro. Look at it Too good, bro He landed on them Again What is that Lincoln Park Again, bro. Oh my I Yeah Yo, so much baseball you know this torch I love artistic ones like this, bro. Like look how I look at that moment Hey Oh Not oh not Let's see Look ain't no way, bro Not again What do you got the whole lose? I'm lost with words, bro. I can't Booby landing every Oh Nah, bro nah bro. Oh This one's muted no they probably got blocked like copyrighted happens guys see oh my goodness It's my rotisserie in the microwave, bro Oh So Possibly he's not on the back. Oh, that's too good, but he knows Hey Every kick every snare Ain't no way Yo, it's getting hot my room. I straight up Who my right ear is loving this Hey I care about You just think you say that there's more Hey Dude dude, I didn't turn on the air like straight up Ain't ah Keep it going bro. He picked himself up. Keep going bro You There you go But this shoot that was the hypest you know what I don't even want to say that because there's other songs that made me so hype But for dance wise, this is deep one of the hypest I've been this is just actually no There's been two other ones, but this one was crazy, bro. Why me come on, but like this was top This was top five top three for me, bro. This whole compilation. I can't even tell you my favorite bro But the one where they can't land it on a flips Oh Help bro. Oh my goodness. I'm sweating bro At least I still smell good at least I like This is too good, bro. It's worth it. It's what am I saying? It's worth it, bro This was a an amazing Magical fantastic experience one of the greatest things I've seen honestly whole heartedly I say this with all my heart. This was phenomenal. This was one of the greatest videos I have seen I Cannot wait For people who haven't seen this to see it with me, bro. I cannot wait. This was amazing. I loved it all the way through Yo, I can't believe it. Look at this stuff. We have one earth, bro. Amazing beautiful, bro. Just Guys guys I love you guys. I want to thank you so much for watching. I really don't appreciate it A if you liked it leave like if you loved it subscribe if you want more let me know down the comments But love and yeah, till next time guys Peace You