 Hey guys, what's up it's Ellen, welcome to our planet. Just to disclaimer before everyone watches the video, I'd like to emphasize that this video was not made to cause friction between both the Philippines and South Korea. Rather it was made to clarify and understand the side of South Koreans on the said issue featured in the video through those who actually live in the Philippines. I'd like to emphasize that our channel's goal is to bridge culture and inspire minds one video at a time. Us Planet is a channel that respects, embraces, loves, and understands the history and culture of both the Philippines and South Korea. Remember that we're here as a channel to build bridges and not waz with you and our two nations to understand each other's culture better through different perspectives. We'd like to encourage people to join the conversation in the comment section below, but please do keep in mind that there is a right way of expressing or sharing your thoughts with others, no matter the language. Thank you and we hope that you find the video interesting and insightful. Now In 2014, one of the Philippines's Korean companies I'm going to take care of you I'm going to take care of you Oh? I'm going to take care of you I'm going to take care of you I'm going to take care of you You are an adent? Korean? It's in the Philippines though? I'm going to take care of you Okay right. Bob. Oh my god So they're mad that we're putting our trash, we're dumping our trash in the kitchen. Are we? The government is not us. Ah, that's right. What? What? What? Oh, these things are so cool. Okay. So, first of all, I'd like you guys to explain what's in the video first for the Philippine viewers who can understand Korea. Okay. So the video was a cut from JTBC use. Basically, the Filipinos were outside the embassy. Telling Korea to, like, when you throw your trash, don't throw it in our country, but it's where some are. They were, right? Honey, honey. Honey. Yeah, they were protesting because Korea is illegally dumped. They're trash in a place in Mindanao. And I think it is because China, they stop getting trash from other countries. And they said that it's not the first time that Korea did this. And then the Korean side thinks that they're going to look for an alternative to solve the problem. It's that the Koreans, the trash that they produce, they're sending it over to the Philippines in Mindanao. At first, I thought why are they mad at the trash, but then later on, they'd explain the Korean. You trash, so Korean, they're sending it. Mindanao, it was the only one. What are your thoughts after watching this? Because this is the game of very hot topic in the Philippines. I was everywhere, and Philippines said, I don't think there's gonna be newspapers. As a Korean who watched this, what do you think and what can you say? Well, first of all, it's kind of frustrating. And it's sad that my people, my country did something not acceptable to the country that I live in and to the country that I almost spent half of my life. And I really think that if it's true, and I think it was probably because it's already aired and used. And they said it's not their first time doing it. I really hope that they could find an alternative that won't bother or ruin the environment of another country. Because that's not acceptable. I'm saying this to the viewers of my country, my people. I think it's my first time doing it here and I never knew that Korea would do that kind of action to the Philippines. Yeah, because there are also lots of people who are not in the Philippines. So I think it's better to find a way to find a way to do it. It's my first time doing it here and I never knew that Korea would do that kind of action to the Philippines. Yeah, because there are also a lot of Koreans living in the Philippines. It kind of surprises me that they do this kind of action to the country where a lot of Koreans are living in. It's really surprising. You know, I knew that because we gave our garbage to China before. But then I think last year, I don't know when, but they stopped it. They said, no, we're not gonna take it anymore. So I think they were looking for another place to solve the garbage. But I think that's not right. Making our country a disposable solar area, that's not acceptable. Even for me, if someone does that to Korea, I would like, what the? That's not a sense. Why would our country do that? Yeah, exactly. If anyone did that to our country, the Philippines' garbage to our country, is that they're saying that they're going to do the same thing to the Philippines. They're going to do the same thing. I think it's really rude and irresponsible. They're not... They're not taking responsibility of the trash that they produce. I guess it kind of implies that they think Philippines is a country who look garbage. Like the fact that they're using their money to send it here. Because they don't want to handle it. They don't want to be responsible. They don't want to recycle the trash because they just send it here. So it kind of implies that Philippines is trash anyway. So they just send them more trash. And I think Philippines would really get mad. Philippines are very sensitive. Why not? But why would they send it specifically to here when we do these things? Obviously it's a government handling all that. The government shipping out trash, so on and so on. It's also their responsibility of the government. But at the same time, Philippines are wondering, how come our customs are accepted in our country? Or maybe they didn't know that inside that bank in the bank. Because they said it's illegal. So I don't think they know exactly. In the middle, they just send them back to the Philippines government. It's a government. They don't have a transaction. I guess it's coming from Korea. There's that kind of bias. Oh it's from Korea. Okay, we'll accept it. But it's too bad. It's really trash. There's a bias towards getting anything from Korea. No, like that you live here. Actually, what do you live here for a long time? I just feel like that your country is throwing garbage. Oh! I'm not gonna be able to make it. I find it very obvious. Because I don't even throw trash in the like just outside of the floor. It's bad for the environment. It's bad for everyone. It's a lot of people who are already doing that. And the city is gonna be full of trash. I think that's it about this country is also struggling with me. A lot of pollution. I saw one time when I was driving a bus. There was this one lady. I was just a little bit scared. I was like, what are you doing? I was just keeping my pocket. The problem is that you're getting better and better. In this country, the trash is the only thing that's left of you. We don't have much time to get better. They're not the gaga but another problem. They always try to implement recycling. The reduce for you so they're recycling. I don't think actually people take it serious. They don't know the gravity of our situation with climate change. If you guys don't know. Pires agreement was established in 2016. It's an agreement of most of the countries ever thrown out. Why? It's one of the biggest countries, one of the biggest trash producers. And they still said no to the Pires agreement. It's a agreement that they would keep countries of certain temperature. So the temperature of the earth doesn't fluctuate. It's also an indirect cause of our trash. Because the neutral trash, you know, that... It's not going to decompose. Especially plastic. Plastics don't decompose for hundreds. It lasts longer than orange. So it's really bad that people are just throwing trash. Many people have not met a Korean. And we're blaming the country and the culture and the people. Which I don't agree with. Is there anything you want to say? Although it's too soon to generalize that all Koreans think of Philippines as somewhere, you know, acceptable to dump trash. No, of course we don't. We ourselves live here in the country. We grew up here. We also love this place as much as you guys. But despite that, it's true that our country did something like this. And it's already aired on news. We can't put on our own. I don't know if this would help. But on behalf of the Korean citizens living in Korea or living here, We'd like to apologize. Because it's not right. It's not right. We also know and we also think that it's something not acceptable to do. So I don't know what happened within the government. I don't know what to say. Because it's really shameful. It's so shameful. I just hope, you know, your view of us won't turn into something that would be against us. Yeah. I'm sorry. Please love us. They cannot generally hate the Korean. Because there are good people and bad people. Then some people make stupid decisions that happen to be Korean sending their trash in this country. And I don't know why they did that. Yeah. There are people who are very aware about our environment, where we stay. So I hope they don't generalize. Yeah.