 Hello everyone! If you guys joined our live stream yesterday, you saw that we had technical difficulties. Very difficult. Yeah, it was definitely frustrating. So we've done about four live streams in the past without any issues. So we set things up exactly the same way. But I did not know that my camera on my primary laptop stopped working and obviously you're not going to know that until you go to use it. And I didn't test it before this live stream. So not so good. So we were all ready to go 8 a.m. turned it on. It was a gray screen. Immediately, I think we had about a dozen people on right at 8 o'clock and then it jumped up real quickly to like 30, 40 people just a couple of minutes after 8. I guess you guys could hear us but you could not see us. Yes. So it was definitely frustrating. So I went ahead and ended the live stream and then luckily my oldest son was on and I sent him a Facebook messenger and I used my phone and we did face to face and we could see each other fine. So then I called him on my laptop and I could see him fine. He could not see me. So that means the camera itself, there was something wrong with it. So luckily we have a backup laptop but it took an hour to get it set up because it's a brand new laptop, never used it really other than just turn it on. So I had to download YouTube and do all the passwords and set it all up. So guys, it was a frustrating time. And then about 54 minutes into the live stream, it just cut off and we didn't know it. We didn't lose power. So we just kept talking and kept answering comments because we were, I don't know, maybe 20 comments behind and coming to find out, we thought we were a video we wasn't. So there must have been an interruption with our Wi-Fi or something with YouTube, one or the other. And then because I did during somebody sent a message and said, hey, we can't see you. So I went ahead and did a quick speed test and it showed we had plenty of Wi-Fi. So I guess it could have just jumped out for just enough to knock us off the live stream. So geez, it was just rough. So we're thinking about doing another live stream this Saturday. We typically do them Sunday mornings which is Saturday night, East Coast time in the US. So we'll change it up, we'll do a Saturday morning which would be a Friday night, East Coast time. And let us know in the comment if that makes sense. I mean, we could do it at night time. We can change the time around because a lot of you sent comments, hey, I missed your live stream. I wish I was able to join your live stream. A couple of you gave some really nice comments that you like. The fact that we do live streams from time to time that we can have that face time back and forth. You can ask questions and we can do our best to answer those questions. So we'll continue to do as many live streams as needed for you guys. Now, I did yesterday jump right on Shopee in order to brand new external camera. So that usually takes about seven days to arrive through Shopee. And our laptop camera is, I think it's a 1080. So it's like a 1K high definition and this camera is a 2K. So it's a better camera, build a microphone. So the picture should be better. I think we're viewing us right now in 1K. But the camera for the live stream, the new camera will be 2K. So we'll see if that gives you a better picture or not. We'll see. We'll find out guys. So frustrated. So some good news. If you watch the live stream, you already know. But our China cab and buffet arrive. So we're going to go ahead and give you a viewing of that with our update today. And definitely the wet weather is here. Yes, definitely. The rainy season is upon us. So what's happening is, and what we're finding out is, in the mornings it's usually pretty nice. And then around midday, early afternoon, it clouds up. Very similar to what I call Florida weather. Showers mid afternoon, like you did here this morning about noon, right around noon. We got a shower. And now it looks like it's starting to brighten up out there. I see some blue sky. You'll see the update as I get outside here in a minute. It's still cloudy, but in and out clouds. And then probably get another shower this afternoon. I guess that's all part of the rainy season. So what we're trying to do is get our patio, or two meter overhang in the patio around a pool, painted with that gray, weatherproof UV protected paint that you guys saw that we purchased. We have five gallons of it. We want to get going. So I said to Wilma today, hey, I want to clean the screens and all the tracks for all the glass panels, because every couple of weeks it gets filled up with bugs and things like that. So we went ahead and got started. And Wilma had a great idea. We just clean all the windows. So four hours later, we did get all the glass in front of the house completely cleaned. And believe it or not, it wasn't that dirty. We cleaned them real good when we moved in a couple of months ago. So we're probably going to have to get in a routine of every two months doing a real thorough cleaning. Yeah. And they look really nice. I mean, they were somewhat dirty, but the screens were dirtier. So the screens were probably going to have to do every couple of weeks. But we spent about four hours this morning, get the front of the house looking squeaky clean. And then I said to Wilma, you know, I don't think we're going to get a break here in the next several months with the rain. It's probably going to rain every afternoon. So we went ahead and did a little test sample of painting what our two meter overhangs that it'll look like. Is this basically the steps leading down to the car port? So we're going to show you what we did. It's a first coat. We're glad to report that that paint is much better than the paint that we used in the dirty kitchen. It's so much thicker. Yes, definitely. And it's a nicer color. I think you're going to like it. So we'll get him to show you that. So let's go ahead and get to these updates. All right. So we'll start off with the china cam. But first I'm going to ask the boss. What do you think of the china cam and buffet? Very nice. Nice 30 and it will not tip over. A better not tip over. So you guys know we went with the same theme. See how the wood here is cut with the nice V channels just a few inches wide. It's the same theme as the barn door. So we really like the barn door once it got hung. So we like it. So we said to the guys who are making the cabinet, Jim Boy and Tink furniture. I'll put the name of the company and his phone number in the description box of this video. We really like that theme. So we told them go ahead and just repeat. So this for example, this has got to be 18 inches right? 18 20 inches. That's one solid piece of wood all the way across. It's like a slab of wood. Very very nice detail. Really nice quality. I mean, we're just amazed. We like like we set out in a live stream. The kitchen cabinets very much. But man, the way they did this china cabinet is just absolutely amazing. And let me just show you even the glass, the shelf, the glass shelf, they framed it with wood going all the way around the four corners of the glass. It's not just those tabs that come out that you typically see and they just lay the glass and just allow it to rest on those little plastic tabs. It's framed with wood. Very very nice, very nice quality. We're very very happy with it. So now, Wilma took the day. I got here on Saturday and then of course, Wilma said, I'm not going to stop. She always, that's her famous line. I'm not stopping until it's done. So she went through, she basically washed everything, including every bottle. Washed every bottle down. She's amazing. And just lined everything up. So now when you step back and you see the color of the table, right, and the little bit of color in the island and then the range hood, right, backsplash, a little bit of brown. Now we brought in a little more brown on each end. So we're really really happy with it. And can you guys see the polls? Remember the eight air in challenge? You guys, if you didn't see that video, I recommend you go watch that video. We just did it, you know, four or five days ago, the eight air in challenge. We had a good time doing it. It really depicts life in the Philippines. And if you haven't watched that video, I recommend that you go watch it because we had a good time doing it and it really shows what Philippine life is like. So we wanted polls or well-mawanted polls and I said go for it. Just again, just throw a little bit of color because she said off camera. Hey, it looks a little bit like a hospital. So she wasn't wrong. So I think just throwing that little splash of color, we put some ginger jars up on each corner, just trying to bring a little bit of color in, worked out real nice. So here's Wilma's buffet. So again, it balances the room, exact same theme as the barn door. So it really pulls it together. And this is, it took the guys, well six guys, six guys to carry that in. That's how heavy it is, all solid wood. So really, really happy. And then not only is it good quality, they set it in place, then they brought out a polish. It was a spray polish and they went over kind of like a real thick pledge and it was like a wax. And when they rubbed it on, it really shined it up. They even went through all the drawers and went through and cleaned out every single drawer, which was just absolutely amazing that they went through and wiped everything down. So very, very happy with the ending furniture. And if you guys are thinking about having any furniture made, if you're in the Duma Gettie area, I recommend them for sure. And actually Jim Boy said that he got a fourth kitchen, right? He had a fourth subscriber come to him and say they want a antique furniture to do their kitchen. I think they said it's going to be very similar to this, right? Yes. And also he volunteered to make us coffee table and give us 50% off because we're giving him a lot of customers. Yeah, yeah. We gave him this an idea of a coffee table of what we want and I'll show you what that looks like now. So Jim Boy is going to look for a slab of, was it Gemelina? Gemelina. Gemelina is the wood type, which is what this wood is Gemelina. He said he's going to find a slab similar to the one you just saw. And he wants to build us a coffee table. So we said it's a great idea. So he said he was going to do some shelving underneath and then that slab on top. And we kind of told him just do what you want, right? I mean, because we now we have a good rapport with him. He's going to surprise us. Now he said he would do a sketch and send it to us, but he's going to be looking for a slab and building a coffee table for us. So that's the update of the furniture. Let's go outside and show what we're up to out there before we go outside. Quick trip to the spare bedroom. You can see guys were getting close just a little molding to go, but we're keeping busy. So we did finally hang the curtains. We've had these curtains for a while now. They match the curtains in the other spare bedroom or call it sitting room. So we got those installed. So that room is getting closer to be a true spare bedroom. Rainy season is upon us. So it's not raining now. You can see by the calmness of the pool. I just got done vacuuming it today in between rain drops. So I've been doing a vacuum on this twice a week. And if I'm bored, I'll do it three times a week. It only takes about half hour, 45 minutes to actually vacuum. But I've been backwashing it every time because we've been getting so much rain. Basically, the water is over top of the skimmers. So I've been taking out a little bit of water here in there like an inch at a time to make sure that the water line is below the very top of the skimmer. Definitely getting closer to getting our overhang painted. So look, see the cardboard we set up to try to stop the rain. So we'll pull that away. We just tested it. This is one coat. So not bad. I mean, we didn't want to put too thick of a coat on. But I mean, just imagine this everywhere. Not the driveway. But all the way around the pool, the two meter overhang and this section right here, haven't decided if we're going to do this gray or a clear coat like up here. Because this is clear coat. See the difference in the color. So this is just a clear coat. So not sure if we're going to do a clear coat here or do the gray. Maybe you guys could chime in what you think. But we're just messing around. We knew it was going to rain. We could see the rain clouds coming from this area. So we said, you know what? We'll go ahead and just do a small area. And I'll probably do a second coat here right after this video just to see what it looks like. Because it's dry. I mean, this stuff really dried quick. Within a half hour, it was dry to touch. And it's been maybe an hour and a half now. And you can see, it's definitely dry. So not bad at all. So what I'm thinking is you guys know I wanted to start in that corner and work my way across and come across the patio area. But out here, it's getting rained on every day. So here, you can see by the rain, I'm going to have to step up over these two steps. Can you see where you can see it's been wet, the wet line call it right there? So this is dry. So the majority of this area is dry. And I think three days ago, I power washed this really, really good. I actually, all the patio. But I said to Wilmy, you know what? I think we're going to switch from starting here. We're going to jump up here because at least the majority of this area doesn't get wet. Now, we're going to have to wait for this to dry because I don't want to, you know, paint it when it's wet. And then what we're going to have to do is we have about six of these left over. We're going to have to open them up. And as we paint an area, as we come this way, I'm going to have to put this cardboard over top, just in case if it rains. So I don't know if we dare start more today. I may, but I may wait till tomorrow morning because once I get started here, I don't want to stop. I want to go all the way across. And this is 18 meters from that wall there. Coming over to here is 18 meters. I do not want to stop. Right? So I don't want to go and then stop here. Then tomorrow pick up because you may see that paint line. So I'll probably wait till tomorrow morning because it's been real nice from Sunrise. It's about 530 to about noon. It's been very nice. I mean this morning when we were doing a glass, I was sweating bullets. And the sun was out and there was clouds, but it was in and out. So we may just get up 530 tomorrow and just start here and just go for it and try to get two coats on here in one day. And then hopefully it's relatively dry. And if it does rain, we just have to cover just a portion of it. And like I said, we have I think sex or even more ballot buying boxes that we could open up and use that as cover. Or I could even run downtown and get a tarp. I could do that as well. But we just can't wait anymore. I mean, it's just, you know, we want to get going on it. So I'm going to go ahead and step down and show you not a bad looking gray. And that's only one coat. So this is definitely a better quality product. Primero Pro Deck Waterproofing Membrane. It's very thick. The texture is like mayonnaise. I mean, it's definitely, look how thick that looks in there. And I mixed it up really, really good. So definitely like it. And again, this is only one coat. If you guys remember the stuff I used in the dirty kitchen, it took four coats just to get it to look halfway decent. So this is only one coat and it's not bad. So this is definitely only going to need two coats. So the next update, I'm hoping that this will be done. Stay tuned.