 Hi guys and welcome back to another Dabble the reaction. Done that really slow. I am Matt this is Molly. I can't wait to support you. That really caused it and we are full time travel vloggers newly become full time quarantineers. Like I think we all are and to say thank you for a hundred thousand subscribers as well as I don't know what would you say what what else were in spire to do. I think it was something to motivate us with during quarantine to make videos because we obviously can't make content as much I mean we can make some content but we're not going to do the same stuff every day so we thought we might as well relaunch our reaction channel that we did launch in January we have the time and we have you guys that want something to watch so what have you waited make a reaction channel. Exactly and reactions and more hence the name Dabble the reaction double the reaction do you like the little play on words it wasn't the best it was alright it was completely again it was not too bad but yeah we are going to be doing so much more than just reactions we're going to be doing some food vlogs some games so like games from your country when I say games languages I'm planning to elaborate a bit more so when I say games what country you're from send us some games that you do at home we'd like like to do them ourselves some quizzes from your country maybe questions to do with your specific country yeah languages I mean like learning words learning sentences learning phrases comment good videos that we can do to learn them do the games do the languages do the quizzes and obviously food recipes from your country so that that's what I'm getting at when I'm sick because I just we sort of just go quizzes languages that's what we do these more but we do need your help with this and also we just need to be able to go to the places that we need to get the appropriate thing so for that I'm talking about food but anyway we have been going with your recommendations so if you have any recommendations you can I thought you were going to go comment but no go this way you need no go this way. I'm not going to go on that down in travel or comment without further ado we should get into today's video we are loving Asian bosses Philippines videos at home because they just go through so many different topics and I think I like seeing the locals opinions on all these things so there's street interviews and today's one is should the Philippines change its name now I don't know if there's a specific reason as what I was saying I don't know if there's a specific reason as to why they should change their name let's see let's find out for more than 300 years recently president to third-test stated his thoughts and changing the name of the Philippines to mahalika in order to move away from the country mahala pass this comment created conversations amongst local Filipinos as to whether they were four or against the change in order to see what Filipinos think about this issue in the streets of Manila. Oh, he's still in Sverige. Can you please probably tell my husband as your parent. Yes Oh to me I was losing the identity of the audience. Because obviously Myanmar was formerly known as Burma, but a lot of people still call it Burma. Or Annabhaarme? Yeah and I don't know, it's just a slight confusion that changed in the name. If there's a real reason that they believe it's changed it, if they believe colonization, I don't know, they want to move away from that. But then I suppose you lose a lot of your history then. You can't just read about history. We're going to the Philippines. Why did you come back and meet President Yung Isu? No, I just came back to speak. We know the President, he speaks his mind freely. So it's from time to time, we're going to talk to him. So it's like he's been out of here for a long time. He wants to go back to his country, I'll change the name of the Philippines. So I think he's the one who's going to come back. He's a good guy, he's a good guy. Yeah, I agree. He's a good guy. He's a good guy too. He's a good guy too. No one seems happy. No. But you've got such a Spanish influence. Yeah. You wouldn't be able to change all of that. Of course, I can see that. Of course, but that's what's made the country as it is today. All the influences have made it as good as it is today. With positives and negatives. Of course, but all kinds of things are going to have those sort of negatives. But then you have to take away the churches. Yeah, I don't know. It's just very confusing. Is that right? I don't know about this. Yeah, I'm going to involve. What's the meaning and origin of the language? Of course, this. It came from Sanskrit words. Two words, Maha means great. Lika means creation. Yeah, not meaning. Yeah. Why do you think you can choose the language? I don't know. I'm president. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know why you like this. But you can choose from the language. Does it mean you have to change it? You could have that as a nickname. Yeah. I think the Philippines is beautiful. Yeah, I think the Philippines is beautiful. It's beautiful. It's beautiful. It's beautiful. What's the name of the Philippines? For non-Filippine viewers. Because Philippines is the name of Philippines. I know that in my life, that there are many African-Filippines. From King Philippe, King Philippe of Spain, I think it was Ruy Lopez de Villalobos, when he reached the islands of summer and later. He named the islands Philippines. And then it was the name adopted as a new colony. Because the people we see in Spain are influenced by our Spanish. Actually, it's very good. Because we see the culture of our culture in religion, in the culture, how is it? Most of the race we see here is Spanish. Or we can call it a holiday usually. A lot. Even today, the way how you call your kitchen tools, how you call the street names are massively very Spanish. I'm so nice. Spanish. Vestics. So, even after 150 years of Spain left the Philippines, they left a very big impact on us. A lot of people, we are the world's world, we are the world's world. But we are the Philippines. But we don't know what to understand. Why there's not a direct flight from Spain to the Philippines with such close connection? Because for us to get to South America, because obviously Spain and South America have such a close influence as well as the language, a lot of the flights from Europe are direct from Spain to Brazil, not Mexico, Brazil, Argentina, etc. So, I'm surprised that there isn't a direct flight from Spain to the Philippines. Do you not know what I mean? For close connection. There's loads of words, isn't there? There's loads of words, isn't there? You know what? Spanish. Spanish. Mano. Cabeza. What is Spanish? So, you don't have a chance to hear a sentence about Spanish words. Oh, yes. I can hear it. I can hear it from my head. I can't see it because it's a bit too long. It's too much. What's your feeling about the Philippines? It's positive and it's also massive negatives as well about the commonization. You don't know how to say it, because this is what you see here. The Philippines' history is still there. You're a cool Filipino, right? Yes. You know that you're a Filipino, but you're just a Filipino. I'm a doctor, but I'm not a Filipino. I'm a Filipino. That's what I'm talking about. And before I confuse him for a lot of people, I'm talking about the Philippines. That's what you're talking about. But, that's what I'm talking about. I'm talking about the Philippines. I'm talking about the Philippines. A lot of confusion around the world. Not just with the Philippines, but people from around the world. You have to try to do everything. Yes. You have to try to do everything. That's what I'm talking about. I'm talking about the things that you can do. But, I'm talking about the things that you can do. Yes, with the country. Exactly. It's going to be expensive. It's right. Past looks for everyone. Yes. I love the archives that we are keeping. Has to be changed tomorrow. Like number two hour version. Oh, yeah. Has to be changed. And with 450 years of using the name Philippines, you can just imagine. So many documents that we have to change. We are going to change our colonial past. No. It's going to be difficult. So, we are going to change our colonial past. Because, we are going to change our colonial past. No. We should have already moved on to our colonial past. Of course. We fought over our independence. We shouted, We were the first Republican Asia. We are going to change our colonial past. Yeah, he is very clever. Yeah, exactly. I think they have massively. But that doesn't mean changing your name. I think they have their own identity. Yeah, exactly. To change the country's name. Let us know in the comments for more authentic insight into the latest news and cultural trends all over Asia. Be sure to subscribe to Asian Boss and follow us on our social. I like Asian Boss. I agree massively though, they have moved on. They have moved on from their colonial past. Well, they have their own culture now. They have their own food. Just because you take things from someone doesn't mean that you are not your own. I feel they have taken the good things from the colonisation of Spain and ousted the bad things. If you go to the Philippines and go to Spain, they are not alike. The Philippines has its own identity. If you go to the Philippines and you go to America, they are not completely alike. The Philippines is like somewhere you have never been before. Has its own identity completely? I think the best things come from when you learn from other people. So from their past they will have taken things that have been sort of implemented. Definitely. But they have adapted everything. Even, yes, they might speak some Spanish words in with Tagalog. But now that is Tagalog. So that is how it is. And I think that it's a very good thing to take from the past that you have these things that you like. But you just don't take the bad things. Don't take the bad, take the good. But you have to move forward. And it massively has its own identity. And I think, obviously not being a local, I don't know. But all of them said to keep the name. I agree that you should keep the name. What would you call yourself that? You couldn't call yourself a Mahalika because if the country was called Mahalika, you couldn't say that. It would have to be an abbreviation of all the sides. So I don't know how it would work. Because you've got Pinoy, Filipina, Filipino, Filipinas. And it would be very confusing. Like you think every possible, every birth certificate, everything, every uniform. Yeah, every uniform. Every flag, like the flag that has the name on it. And then when you like arrive at the airport, it says, My Blue Hive, Philippines, everything would change. Everything would change. It would cost a lot of money to change. Yeah, we are not for the name change. No, I like the name change. And the money can be spent better somewhere else, helping the people that need it in the Philippines. There's that way to spend it, definitely. Exactly. What do you think? What's your opinion? I was going to say, I have an opinion on it. Please comment below. Or if you've got any other recommendations, comment below. I must just on the Instagram. I have a channel. Exactly, that is it. And if you're on New Round here, which I don't know, hopefully we're still getting new people to check out this channel. And if you've already come over from our travel channel at Dunlund Travel, thank you for following us on this other page. We really, really appreciate it. But if you're on New Round here, make sure you hit that subscribe, drop a like. And keep on doubling.