 So we are getting closer and closer to Christmas, Pasco. And that is why we are seeing more and more artists releasing their own covers of popular Christmas songs. And we can add to that list, there will be a long Samangubat. I am so happy to see Samangubat in this cover, because it's been a minute since I reacted to Sam. Katrina Vilarde and of course one of the most beautiful Filipinas out there, Gigi Deanna. Okay, so they are all here covering a grown-up Christmas list. I am not very fond of the Amy Grant version. Okay, I'm just being honest with you guys, it's just not my cup of tea. So when I saw that these four extremely talented Filipinos singers decided to cover it, I was like, yes, I know they're going to make it better for me at least. So I think you have understood that I will be reacting to this cover. If you are new to the channel, welcome. Maliga Young Pakobabaleh Sa Akhin Chano. My name is Ovela, I'm a sound engineer, beat maker and content creator on YouTube. And with that being said, let's discover it together. Here we go. Oh, we got a studio music video in studio music video. Oh, we got lyrics. Hey. I already prefer it to the original. My gosh. And of course this version sounds more not Christmasy. It sounds more Disney to me, you know. I'm not a child. My heart's dead. So here's my life long way. It sounds so freaking Disney to me, which is actually pretty normal because if I'm not mistaken, David Foster did produce and compose for Disney, right? And I think he is behind the songs. So it makes sense, but this version specifically feels a lot more Disney to me, like it's reminding me of Aladdin. Woo! I am surprised that the men are the ones who started singing, you know. Should they do the gentle, gentle, many things? Being gentlemen and letting the women start the song, you know, women first usually. I don't know. I'm not a child anymore. I'm not a child anymore. I'm not a child anymore. So you guys do realize that they're not actually singing, right? In the music video, I mean, it's very, very, very obvious. You can hear them extremely clearly and yet they are like, I don't know how far from the golden microphone, which is very pretty, you know. If they were actually recording while shooting this music video, you would hear their voice very far, you know. And you would hear the reverb a little bit of the studio, although it is a professional studio, so the acoustics are very good, you know. It's been sound-proofed, but still, this is just acting. That part every time reminds me of another Disney movie, but which one is it? Wait a minute. Is that the Lion King? I think that's the freaking Lion King. I'd start a part that was whenever I saw it, and time would keep on heart. And everyone would have a friend, and right would always win, and love would never end. They're all singing beautifully, but there's some type of symmetry here, you know. You got Darrell on, and Katarina Valarde, I would put them in the same batch, because they're the ones who love to do a lot of runs and scaling, right? Like sometimes they overdo it, and on the other hand you got Gigi and Sam and Gu-Bat, who, you know, know how to control that. You know, they just do enough runs and scales. What is this illusion called? Yeah, the harmony. Maybe you'll be happy, believe, can we ever find the true love? I love how she climbed the stairs, Gigi Diana. Let's see that again. Nice, nice. The electric guitar, baby. Oh, baby. As much as I enjoyed listening to the Christmas special ID, there you go. It's not Station ID, right? The ABS-CBN, Christmas special ID, it's not Station ID, because ABS-CBN is not officially on TV anymore, right? So they switched it to special ID, as much as I enjoyed reacting to that and removed my reaction video because stupid copyrights. Because you guys, some of you actually contacted me and were like, bro, we cannot find your reaction anymore. Where is it? I had to explain to you that I had to remove it because of copyrights. As much as I enjoyed reacting to that because I saw so many familiar faces in everything, I enjoyed this one a lot more. And keep in mind that this is coming from a guy who does not really enjoy the original that much. They made it a thousand times better. Like now, I can actually listen to this without any issues. It's crazy how good Darryl Ong, because I'm thinking Darryl Ong is the one who's behind this whole entire body of work. He's really good at bringing talented Filipino artists together to create this insane cover of popular songs, you know? He's really, really good at that. Where the star and tell him to heal. Wow, did you guys see? I think she's working out. They're looking really flat. Some of my group's voice, they pinned it to the left. I like the idea, but I don't feel like it was mixed perfectly. It stood out way too much. I feel like maybe they should have added a little bit more reverb or something. And now where it's Darryl Ong on the right. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. It's dope AF, man. With the writing and everything. Holy moly. Wow. Look at Gigi. She's so cute. She's so freaking cute. Man, that was incredible. That really was incredible, man. The instrumental was so clean. I mean, slightly cheesy, but I think it's meant to be cheesy because of the style and instruments that they've used, right? But it was so beautifully mixed and mastered and their voices were so clear, especially the ones in the middle. I just thought maybe they should have added a little bit of reverb on the voices that they depend on the left and the right. So who was on the left? Samangu, and then Darryl Ong on the right. But I do have a huge, massive question. And kind of a worry, you know. What has happened to Burakel? Seriously, that is a concern that I have. Do you know how much I enjoy Burakel, meaning the group, the boy band, if you will, between Darryl Ong, Bugoid Rilon and Michael Pangilinan? You know, I'm sure there's still friends and hanging out and everything. But why make a Christmas song with Samangu, but it was not part of Burakel. Gigi Deanna, who's not part of Burakel. And Katarina Velardi, who's not part of Burakel either. And not make the song with the guys, you know, your buddies from Burakel. I don't know. I mean, lately Darryl Ong has been working closely with Gigi Deanna, so it kind of makes sense. But bro, I don't want Burakel to die. You know, when I say die, I mean, to stop making music together. You know, they are awesome. Their voices blend so well together. Man, come on. But I still enjoy it. This cover so freaking much. It's so good. And trust me, I would not be surprised if many more channels react to this because it's that good. He's really, really good, like I said, at making these types of covers. And like reimagining the song and recomposing it. Telling these artists which part they should sing and everything, you know, even though personally I would have led the women start because women first still, he still nailed it. It was gorgeous. And then the more I listen to Gigi, the more I look at her, the more I have a crush. Okay, now what is your journey to tell me in the comment section below your thoughts. Marami, Marami, Salamat, oh, and if you don't watch my video before Christmas, Manigayang Pasco. And if you got value out of this video, do not hesitate to check out my other reaction videos right here.