Pippa! Phoebe!  Hello you two! Look at them two!
Good afternoon mga palangga(my love)! We just arrived home from town
Hello!!!!! Oh my gosh!
Finally we got our Christmas tree, look at that! Yeeee!
It's a perfect size! Hmm! Ahh..that's nice
It's been a good weather today so John finally cut a Christmas tree, that's good hun.
Thank you honey! That's very nice that's a perfect size
I'm so so excited to decorate this
And it smells so lovely
We're just trying to fix the Christmas tree to stand it straight
So what we did is look! There's a piece of wood under
here so it will hold the tree up
That looks gorgeous!
Yes!!!
Homegrown tree, yes homegrown tree.
Our Christmas tree is now in place it just need decorating, will decorate it later
will just need to get the stuff in the loft.
I will ask John to get the Christmas
decor because I am so scared going in the loft.
because it so dark in there it's like it so creepy
John hurry up!
Come on! You should never hurry good things. What you mean hurry good things? Look at you.
We're late for Christmas now.. What;s this bag? That's rubbish.
This is our loft, there .
See how scary it is it's so dark
Woooo..watch out!
Give me that! No you need two hands! Give me that! You need two hands!
if you drop it you'll break it! Come on! see?Don't underestimate my strength
Right, I am going now downstairs..bye.. bye...I got the things I wanted so bye bye for now
Right, let's see what we got
So this one...is
the Christmas crackers and this bag is the  main Christmas decoration
This is our Christmas light.  I've used this
last year and in fact I vlog last year..yeah I vlog last year
but I'm not sure if I did vlog my Christmas tree but if I did then I will put the link in the
description below so you can check it out!
What I am doing now mga palangga(my love) is I did put the Christmas light first
so that I can figure out work where I gonna put or place the Christmas decoration
but I have notice there are few bulb..can you see that? That it is not working..here..here
In fact there's a few of them so hopefully we can fix them and we are short of the Christmas light
because look,  on the top it just plain
hopefully I can find a Christmas light
that it is battery-operated
because this one is here.. you need to plug them. I will
just carry on decorating our Christmas tree and I'll be back later
I supposed to start decorating my Christmas tree but John said that Iplace the light in wrong way around
because this is here... look!
and it is supposed to be in the bottom but I don't know why you have to do!
Look at him!
Look at John! How you done this?
I start form the bottom. Ahh right. You going right around aren't you? Yes. You shouldn't do
At least tho he is trying to fix the
Christmas light
He is still not finish!
I will just postpone the decorating today because John try to fix the light
but he said the main thingy of the light is not working properly and he can't fix it
So tomorrow probably will go to Tesco and buy a new light and then tomorrow I can decorate the Christmas tree
hopefully we could do that tomorrow so
see you tomorrow and see what's what.
We are here now in Tesco and John is with me
and we gonna go to the Christmas decoration department or section..here! Here!
and every year I always bought a new ornament and I am planning to get this it's an offer for any 3 for 2....it's nice
This is what we get! My plan is to get a  
battery-operated Christmas light
but John said why waste money for battery..he is right but I don't where we gonna the plug the light..Well, will see
He's on the phone
I really like that reindeer.. what is that? It's a srpout
Where did you you get those?
Awww! I don't like sprout
That's his favourite breakfast weetabix. The only breakfast.
This is John's favourite Department.  This is not my favourite department!
All the dessert,  bread ...it smells good in anyway
Look at his face is smiling now...
Checking out!
John: It's her Christmas present
John:I love how cheap you are with the things. It's not the quantity but it is the quality of the...appreciation of what it is
That's why I like to have like a big green house bee(sometimes I call John as bee)  full of orchids that what
I don't know if it's only me but I think the Christmas tree is not straight again. What do you think?
I really don't know..I need second opinion will wait for John because probably just my eye sight
Why the dog is barking? What pippa is barking at?  The house is freezing.
I don't know. Nothing! No one! Sometimes, she made me nervous because she barks at nothing and you thinking there's something
Gosh! The temperature in the house is 15 degress
