Hi everyone! I'm Jojo Aquino.
 
And I'm a traveler,
photographer, and social media manager.
 
And I inspire women and teach them how to travel through guides, videos, and tips at travelingpetitegirl.com
Never have I ever wanted to come back to a place so badly until Siargao.
 
I booked my second flight to Siargao 2 weeks after I came back and now I want to share my experience with you through food.
 
So here's my countdown of the "TOP 10 Must Eats in Siargao (Or You're Missing Out)" because you are going to want to eat. all. this.
 
Starting off with a sweet treat, #10 is pan de coco, which in English, means coconut bread.
It's a bread bun with a sweet grated coconut filling and it's perfect for breakfast & merienda and pairs really well with coffee or tsokolate.
 
And from sweet treat to big meal, #9 is a boodle fight! A boodle what?
It's a style of eating where you gather around a table of food laid on top of banana leaves. And you eat everything by hand–
no dishes, no utentils– kamayan style! And it's super fun!
#8 is perfect for you boujie coffee drinkers! It's the coconut cold brew at Greenhouse Cafe.
It's cold brew coffee served on a pretty plate with fresh coconut milk. And it was so. good.
This is great if you want to purge out all the foods in your system.
#7 is Bravo!
My top favorites are the patatas bravas, coconut cheesecake, and their signature alcohol drink, pomada.
I don't know what's in it but it's one of those dangerous drinks where you
can't taste the alcohol. And it's only 60 pesos. That's just over $1!
I've always avoided restaurants by the beach because they were tourist traps
but tourist trap or not, #6 is Cafe Loka.
And it's really a great location because after I went surfing in Cloud 9, I was so hungry and was so glad Cafe Loka was right there.
They've got everything from
smiley banana pancakes to mini paninis to fresh juice. And if you want to watch the sunrise while you're here,
definitely do it from Cafe Loka.
#5 is Shaka Siargao!
They're most known for their smoothie bowls and while it's a bit of a wait, it's totally worth it.
The acai bowl is great
if you want to be filled up and if you want something on the light side, the green bowl is your best choice.
#4 is Harana. They have a wealth of delicous foods and my favorites were their halo halo,
sizzling chicken joy, and binakol rice. And don't forget to say hi to the famous pug!
#3 is a place I hold near and dear to my heart because it combines 2 of my favorite things:
barbecue and tender juicy, and it's Mama's Grill.
At Mama's grill, they serve a variety of different meats and they cook it on the grill and smother it with their signature sauce. I don't know
what it's in it, but it made my tender juicy from like a 10 to a hundred. And I love this place because it's inexpensive.
#2! You've probably heard of it– it's Kermit's. They're known for their pizza and fresh pasta.
I like to go during happy hour because it's buy one get one and their drinsk pair really well with their food.
I got the parma ham pizza and truffle pasta and MMM! OMG.
And #1! I love this place the most because they focus on one dish and they do it
so. well. It's Bulaloan.
Bulaloan is a bulalo restaurant and bulalo is a filipino stew with beef shanks and bone marrow and it's THE BEST.
Squeeze some calamansi to the broth and a few dashes of patis and you're set.
Don't forget that bone marrow too! That stuff is potently good. Oh, and did I mention they have unli rice?
So that's my top 10 must eats in Siargao
and if you have any favorites you want to add, comment them down below. And if you liked this video,
give me a thumbs up and subscribe & follow me so you don't miss another one. Talk to you at the next video,
who knows where I'll be! I love you! Mwah!
