What's up guys?
Today we're gonna show you how we cook sisig.
Sisig is a Filipino dish that's typically made up of chopped up parts of a pig's head and is seasoned with calamansi juice.
But in our recipe we'll show you how to make it with more accessible and slightly less intimidating ingredients.
We're gonna start off by boiling two pounds of pork belly.
We were able to find sliced pork belly which made it a little easier to chop up for later.
If you go with pre sliced pork belly just make sure that the slices aren't too thin and are at least a quarter inch thick.
Then drop in a half pound of chicken liver.
We know what you're thinking, but don't knock it till you try it. Chicken liver adds a rich complex
silky flavor that helps to round out the dish.
Next add in four cloves of crushed garlic,
two bay leaves,
half a tablespoon of salt,
half a tablespoon of black pepper,
and approximately 7 cups of water, or just enough to fully submerge the meat. And then boil the ingredients for 20 to 25 minutes.
When it's done remove the pork belly and chicken liver and place them on a plate
lined with a paper towel to help dry out the meat. This will help the meat develop a crust quicker when frying.
Also pat the other sides of the meat dry just for good measure.
Now add 2 to 3 tablespoons of oil into the pan.
But not too much because a good amount of fat will come off of the pork belly.
Keep the pan on high and then place the pork belly in once the pan is hot and fry each side until a light crust
develops. Just
be careful not to fry it too long.
Otherwise, you might overcook the meat. And also be careful as it might splatter a bit. Just be brave and take one for the team!
Our pan wasn't large enough, so we had to fry the pork belly in batches.
The frying time for the liver is fairly quick. All you want to do is lightly brown them.
After you're done frying, place your pork belly and liver on another plate lined with paper towel to help soak up any excess oil. And
then begin chopping everything into little pieces roughly about the size of a centimeter.
Typically, you can be a lot sloppier with the cuts, but we weren't trying to have meat flying everywhere.
When you get to chopping the chicken liver just chop it up as best you can because it has the tendency to crumble.
In a new mixing bowl add in one large diced onion along with your chopped meat.
Next add two tablespoons of soy sauce
and four tablespoons of lemon juice,
but if you have access to calamansi, we highly recommend using that instead. And
then mix the ingredients thoroughly.
At this point taste your sisg to check if it needs more salt. If so add and mix it in.
Now all you have to do is place it on a preheated and pre oiled platter and serve it up sizzling!
You can drizzle a little bit of mayonnaise on top, but I'm not a fan of mayo
so we just garnished it with a few Thai chilies and an extra lemon wedge, just in case you want little more tang.
Oh and one more pepper for the heck of it.
You can eat it as is, pair it with a scoop of rice, or if you're hella Filipino, a bottle of beer.
It's talagang tasty!
What's up guys?
If you guys like the video make sure to give a thumbs up and leave a comment below! And if you want to see more videos
then hit the subscribe button below and tap on the bell icon so that you get notified as soon as we drop the next one!
