So you're going to the Philippines, but you're going to another country and you have so many questions
So in this video, I will tell you everything you need to know
So I'm about to drop a lot of information on you guys and it might be a little
overwhelming but don't panic
I've created a free download with all the information that I'm going to talk about
For you to download at the end of the video
So for number one, we have probably the most important thing is before you leave your country and travel anywhere
You want to call your bank and credit cards and let them know your travel plans so that way you have access to your money
When you are abroad it's a horrible feeling when you arrive in another country and you realize you forgot to do that
How do we know because we did it?
Once again, we forgot to tell our credit card companies that were going out of town out of country out of the hemisphere
So we just tried to ATM for the first time and it worked
And
This is your first time to our channel. We are trying something new
We've spent over a year traveling through Southeast Asia documenting our travels with our travel vlog
So hit the subscribe button and give us a thumbs up and comments if you like if this video helps you out number two
Money local currency if possible. You want to try to arrive there with a few Philippine pesos?
So once you get to the airport
If your card doesn't work for whatever reason you can get yourself a taxi out of the airport to your hotel
But if you don't get their currency before you get there, don't worry, it'll work out
They have the exchange places in the airport 80 at the numerous ATMs, so you should be fine
Now when you do get to the ATM, you are gonna want to take out the max limit, especially in the islands
There's not many ATMs
There maybe one two ATMs and sometimes they don't even work or the lines could be 20 to 30 people along because there's so few
ATMs there
so the best option is to take out the Max and avoid all of the
Transaction fees as well because they charge I don't even know 250 pesos every transaction
so
If you just get out the max every time it at least it'll take you a few days cuz pretty much most of the places
Take cash only even some of the hotels only take cash
So that means you have to start days before pulling out all the money to cover your bill when you're checking out
So keep that in mind, so when we were in Moab ool
we had to check out of our place and
Did not even think about the power going out at 8 a.m. And we were checking out around 10 a.m
And so we're just like, hey little go to the ATM get the cash payer. We're good
Well, the power was out ATM didn't work, which means we don't have enough money to checkout
so we're
Scrambling setting all this together to see if we can have enough to give them some check out and we had to literally use coins
American dollars anything we could scrounge up to get out of this place and travel to our next destination
So don't get yourself in that kind of a jam. Make sure you just have lots of cash on you at all times
Oh, oh, I want to say something. I want to say something
So when you go to the HTM
This is a little hack that I kind of developed myself and you get this massive wad of money
You don't necessarily want to be walking around every time you have to buy something or yeah
Pretty much buy something if you don't want to pull out this big wad every time so what I do
Is I take a couple off the top?
Put my wad in one pocket and then I keep I don't know 5 10 20 bucks just in the other pocket
So that when I do go somewhere to pay I just go. Hey look. Oh, yeah, it's 10 bucks. Yeah. Sure. No problem
Here you go, and you're not pulling out your $180 stack that you just got from the ATM
Travel hack number one good tip good tip. Good job
Ha ha number three, is it safe in the Philippines in our opinion?
We felt totally safe seriously never once were felt threatened or anything
Actually, what a situation we did have we were in a tricycle riding? I believe it was to knock Palm Beach and
I had Jimmy's phone under my leg in the tricycle
It's all bouncy and whatnot did not even know Jimmy's phone fell out off the tricycle
We're talking and all of a sudden a guy behind us is going baby baby baby on a scooter and we're gonna what the heck
Is wrong with that guy what's going on?
We look back and he's going like this as he's driving the scooter and we're like, what? Is that like?
Oh my god, it's Jimmy's phone. I look under my leg phone's gone. Oh, yeah, what's up?
He says your phone fell out back there and he gives it to us while we're driving down the street
So without this phone we would be really screwed. That was amazing. Good karma. It's just good
It's good stuff that also in his case. He has all of his credit cards, so that would have been really bad
that was our first week in the Philippines and
We would have lost Jimmy's phone and all of his credit cards NID that would have sucked
So travel hack number two in this section is don't do this
Don't carry all of your cards in the phone
You don't want to do that because if you lose one, you lose it all
So just with any area any country that you go to
Even here in the US everybody knows there's areas that you just don't go to because it's known to be unsafe
So just listen to your gut
Listen to what's going on in the country and just stay away from those areas and be smart
Don't get wasted and go stumbling down the street at 2:00 in the morning
Because at that point who the hell knows what will happen if your take care of yourself and you do the right thing so far
Everything's good number four
Transportation there are lots of ways to get around. I mean you're going between islands
There's 7,000 islands there
Now you're not visiting all 7,000 islands but to get in between you're taking flights buses ferries tricycles
There's lots of ways to get around. So let's talk about the buses
There's two types of us as there is air conditioned and non air-conditioned buses just a piece of advice about these buses
we took a bunch of them and
Seriously scared us to death. There was one situation where there was literally a typhoon coming in
We were traveling across from Cebu City to Moab
Oh wow
that's a lot of ups and down switchbacks and our driver must have thought it was funny to
Accelerate on all of the turns with like 2,000 foot drop offs
But one of the locals in front of me because we were like what's going on? I know my god and she goes
Oh, it's normal. They drive very fast here
You know, it's up to you if you want to do that, I think for us in our family
We took a private car with our next step our next journey to down to Oslo
That's kind of what we're gonna do
We feel more comfortable knowing that our lives are safe or safer then in some crazy bus drivers hands, but it is cheap
So if you're on a budget take the bus, I don't think they crash very often. Well, actually when we we're driving
across the mobile
Literally saw one of those buses down in a ditch to the beach that had crashed like the week before
Went through the wall down the ditch
So they do crash and so all my faith went out the window after we saw that
All right. Sandy you said one is really cheap and ones not. So cheap
can you give me a price comparison between
The yellow bus that'll scare the hell out of you and a private driver where you can take your time stop at a bakery get
A coffee and just enjoy the experience
All right. So the bus was around $11 total which is super cheap super cheap
But we were scared to death. The private car was about $40 u.s. And it was so nice
And comfy
The guy drove nice we chatted the whole time we stopped at a bakery
It was definitely the better way for us to travel so you can use your judgement. Whatever works for you
Those are the options. So the same thing goes with ferries. They have the fast version and then they have the slow boat
so, of course the slobo is cheaper, but for us we rather just get there quicker because you know
I don't want to take six hours on the boat ride to save a few dollars
So in my opinion time is money
I'd rather spend a few more dollars and get there faster instead of sitting on a boat for six hours when we could be sitting
on a beach
All right
So now we have tricycles probably the easiest way to get around especially on Islands it sort of reminds us of like a hermit crab
Like you have this little outer shell which is where all the seats are attached to a motorcycle. It's really cute
But those are the ones that you're gonna use just to hop in hop out
Kind of like it took took but you got to negotiate with the prices on the tricycles because of course
They're gonna start really high, you know, you ask the locals. What should this cost to go from here to here?
Because I don't want to try to ask for a lower price than it's worth
But I also don't want to pay triple what it should be
So ask the locals what it should what's a normal price to go from here to here and then use that as your gauge?
Another way to get around is a scooter. You can rent a scooter there about ten bucks a day
maybe you can get a little cheaper if you find a better deal but scooters are definitely the best way to get around on the
Islands that it works because you don't have to pay extra, you know to go somewhere and come back
You're just there's a lot of money involved
So if you have a scooter, you have the freedom to come and go as you please
All right. So another travel hat for you
It took us a few weeks before we got comfortable enough to go rent a scooter
but once we did we were like what the heck are we doing not reading a scooter and
Everybody we talked to you were like just go rent a scooter. You'll be fine. It's amazing. It's the best way to get around
So when you go to these tropical islands and you see everybody riding around on scooters, no matter where it is Bali Philippines Thailand Vietnam
Rinse yourself a scooter and have a way more better time way more better
So now we come down to flights
You're going to want to fly and like say from palawan to Cebu Manila or wherever and the flights are pretty inexpensive
So what I recommend is just booking your flights when you get there because you know
What happens is you meet people along the way and you're going in different directions. There's so many islands
There's so many different itineraries ways. You can travel the Philippines
you might book all your stuff out and then you come across you meet a bunch of people and they're like
Oh, you have to go over here. So you're like well dammit. I already booked all my trip going this way
So save your flights booking when you get there, they're all available
Maybe booked like two days three days in advance, but the prices are pretty inexpensive
I would say they were about fifty bucks a person or so to get around so you don't have to worry about booking
everything before you get to the Philippines, I will leave some leeway in there so that way you have the freedom to
To change plans and go a different way
If you got suggestions or met, some people along the way another way to get around is grab
It's just like uber you really don't want to use the taxis over there because they do
tend to be overpriced and you don't really have any negotiating to do because it's just kind of the price so
Grab is a much cheaper way to get around so accessible get the app number five getting to the Philippines
So when you get to Manila, I recommend spending one or two nights there because if you're looking for that tropical getaway
It's definitely not Manila. That's the busy crazy city where it's just kind of bananas
So I would say check out the mall
Unless you have places that you definitely want to see one or two nights is more than enough and then fly out to those destinations
Where you're gonna get the beach and the palm tree
So let's talk about airline tickets for a minute to get to the Philippines. Everyone thinks that it's these crazy prices
It's gonna be two thousand dollars a ticket that is so not true
I have gotten tickets for four hundred I think was four hundred dollars a person round-trip
From LA to the Philippines and back so it is
Extremely possible to find amazing deals. I use Skyscanner and kayak. That's kind of the two that I go back and forth
I may jump around to some others and see if there's anything crazy out there that I could find
But typically you can find going from a main hub in the US or wherever
To Manila I guarantee you can find some great deals as a matter of fact
I have a video about how to find cheap flights right here. You can check that out
So if you don't have a round trip ticket
You're gonna need a non-word ticket to prove that you are leaving the Philippines within 30 days
so what we've done is Expedia has an option where you can purchase tickets and
You have to make sure it says it though that you can cancel within 24 hours
And so you print out the ticket after you buy it
Cancel it within 24 hours and you're good because you might want to extend it once you get there
You might want to stay longer
But what we had to do is when we were checking in to go to the Philippines. We did not have a round-trip ticket
They wanted proof that we were leaving and had a non-word ticket
So just make sure that so it is extremely possible to travel to these exotic amazing locations at an affordable price
Number six is SIM cards. If you've heard about the Wi-Fi and a lot of other countries
Philippines is one of them the Wi-Fi isn't so predictable
So you want to have access to whatever you need, whether you're booking stuff looking for places to stay you need that accessibility
So a SIM card is a perfect way to do that
You need an unlocked phone and then there's two options for you to use smart and globe globe tends to be a better
Signal but smart is what they say
It works in more of the islands so you can check it out and see which one works better for you
But definitely get a SIM card because you don't wanna have to rely on the Wi-Fi in your hotel
Wherever you're at because if it's not working you're kind of screwed. So get those SIM cards number seven
Download map stop me or Google Maps because that would be a lifesaver
We were walking around not knowing where the heck we were going until we download that on our phone
once you got that game changer you
Now know where you are what's going on
So if you don't have a SIM card or Wi-Fi and you have that downloaded on your phone
You still have the directions on where you need to go number eight is food
If you are a vegetarian or a vegan, you might have some challenges in the Philippines. It's a very meat based country
You know, there's just not that many options so you have to get creative
So one of the things that we found worked best was getting a place that has a kitchen kitchenette
Something where we can actually go food shopping and bring the food home and cook it
Opposed to just trying to go find places out about you're starving and then you end up eating white rice
Because there's really not that many options
Here's a food travel hack and we've experienced this in many countries that we've traveled if you walk into a restaurant and it doesn't feel
Very clean very sanitary
You might want to skip that restaurant and avoid any tummy issues that can ruin your trip for a few days at least
So Jimmy has a funny saying that if you have a drone at some point, you're gonna crash it
Well, we have another saying that if you travel anywhere in Southeast Asia, you're probably gonna get food poisoning at some point
So just be ready have all the stuff on hand activated charcoal
Whatever supplements you use to help you get through that because you want to get it done as quick as possible
Number nine accommodations. So a lot of people that backpack through Southeast Asia stay at hostels for us
We are a family of five. We have three little kids so hassles weren't really an option. So I typically use Airbnb
Hotels comm booking comm a go to a goat is actually my favorite a little hack that I have found
Is that on Facebook there are groups for st
El Nido or wherever you're going and you can actually maybe access owners of places
Directly so you can bypass all of the Airbnb days and all that and the fees and just go directly to
The owner of the place or the manager of the villa so I would recommend doing that
Maybe before you even look on all the other sites, just see look put an El Nino on Facebook
See if any rentals pop up and you could try that way because you could save a lot of money for sure
Another little detail when you're booking
Your accommodations is check the details to see if there's air conditioning and hot water
Because you know what? I got excited
Sometimes I booked my hotel wherever and did not realize there was no hot water
And so we've had many many cold showers and guess what the kids don't like taking cold showers
So they consider going to the ocean their shower because they did not want a cold shower
So if you like hot showers make sure they have hot water
Number 10 is the water. So, you know just like a lot of Southeast Asian countries. You don't want to drink the water
You don't even want to brush your teeth with the water
So what we would do is have a bottle of water next to the sink
We brush our teeth with that try to avoid any problems any tummy issues and bring a reusable bottle of water
Because you can typically refill up in a lot of places that will save you from buying plastic bottles over and over again
And it just being better for the environment. So number 11 is travel insurance
When we were traveling we did purchase world no-match travel insurance
But I'm on the fence with whether it was worth it or not because the price the cost of healthcare through Southeast
Asia is so inexpensive that you don't even really need it
I spent I think it was $700 for three months one time. Now, we did go to the clinic on the hospital a few times
But overall the cost was only about 250 u.s
So we never even filed a claim with world nomads, just because I don't know. I just did it
But travel insurance can come in handy for a crazy accident that you know possibly could happen
We saw a lot of people that were in bad scooter wrecks bandages everywhere IVs
I don't even know what happened to them, but they probably want to travel insurance. So, you know, it's up to you
It might be better just to purchase it
just so you know, you have it if anything seriously bad happens, but overall the health care is so cheap over there literally for
$15 you can have the doctor visit medication out the door 15 bucks
You know
It's your judgment number 12 is boat tours tours
Aren't a huge deal in the Philippines because there's so many beautiful islands wherever you are
You can probably take a boat tour and see amazing sights
you can opt to take private boat tours or
boat tours where you have a lot of people in that situation where you have all those people you are on a very
strict time schedule
Where you go to one island you're there for about a half an hour. Everybody piles back in the boat
Then you go to the next destination and they typically go on the same route
So you may go to one of the spots with a hundred other people
So it takes away from the experience when it's overcrowded right the private boat
You can just dictate what you want to do
if you want to stay in a place longer or avoid going to places that are
At the beginning of the day you can start on
the other side and
Set and go to the less busy places and then you guys cross each other the busy boats go this way
You're going to that place and you have a much better overall experience
Unless you're traveling alone. And you want that experience of being around other people?
Meeting new friends, then definitely go on the tours where you're with a lot of other people
But we are a family of five and we typically travel with other families
all of us together can rent a private boat and we'll be about 10 to 15 people which is the same price as
Being a part of one of those bigger tours. So we love getting the private boat
The kids are having a great time at a snorkel spot
We don't have to just up and go because that's what the tour is doing
You can stay there as long as you want you can skip spots if you want
So I love that experience way better. Now typically if you get the boat tour from your hotel
It's gonna be a little higher
I know we spent I think was 120 dollars us for our boat tour and El Nido
We did tour a that's kind of high
So if you ask around
You might get a better deal because a lot of the drivers the tricycle drivers if you start talking to them and saying hey
I want to do a boat tour. They might know somebody that has a boat tour and you bypass the concierge
that's your hotel and get a much better deal and
We got super lucky and korone where the driver that picked us up at the ferry stop
Literally became our tour guide for the next five days. However long we were in korone so he took us on island tours
He arranged the boat tour for us and was on the boat with us
Talk to people talk to the locals because they are amazing. They want to help you and you never know
Like literally we met Eric and he was with us to the end
He took us food shopping to the market so we can get prepared for the boat ride
That's another thing go shopping before you get on the boat. Sometimes the lunch is included
But if it's not it's really nice
If you're out in the boat for six or seven hours you want to have a lot of snacks?
So go to the market beforehand, and so Eric the guy that hung out with us the whole time in korone
I lost his number. I know in one of our videos
I I talked about Eric and everybody's been messaging canterbury's number and I don't know where the hell the number one
But it's not in whatsapp anymore
but the good thing is that Eric and they are all like Eric they are all super friendly and
Helpful, and they all have connections
So just ask just talk and you'll and you'll probably find an eric of your own
Number 13 have loose change or small bills
Accessible most of the time because there are little fees here and there that you just will not see coming
And so whether it's terminal fees at the airport that you just doesn't say anywhere that there's gonna be these fees
but there is
going to the beach there might be a fee that a guy is standing in the street collecting money and you're like
What's this for?
And you don't know but you have to pay the guy just expect that this it's gonna happen here and there roll with it
I don't know what it's for, but just have your small change ready
14 be patient travel days can get
Exhausting and be very long. There's delays your flight can be delayed five hours
You're in a hot Airport that I airports are hot and sweaty. So make sure you have water with you
But anyways, be patient on travel days because you know, it's it's an island and everything runs behind
Nothing is really on schedule the more patient you are when you're going into it the less frustrated you will be when you are there
Especially when it's really hot
All right, I got another little travel hack here that I want to talk about
alright
let's do it know that the adventure lies within the adventure and so some of the things that
Go wrong are some of the best things that we have documented in our travel vlog
So we crash image ROM be well, that was probably one of our best
Highest-rated videos and so that thousand dollar mistake was definitely worth it to make a video. That's how I look at it
We spent a thousand. I'm sure a lot of people can relate for that video and wives
But I just want to say some of the best experiences come out of some of the least likely places
So be open to having those experiences like another one
We were tiling in our boat sank that we're supposed to go back on it ended up being one of the best stories
And best videos we've ever experienced when something went terribly wrong. So be patient be flexible
That's a huge huge thing when traveling overall when you travel anywhere patient and flexible number 15
What time of year should you go to the Philippines? The high season is from November to April?
Those are the dry season months best time to go, but just be aware
Chinese New Year is the beginning of February
If you want to go during that time book ahead because when we got there, it was Chinese New Year
And we don't book ahead. We never book ahead. We're very spontaneous we go wherever we're very flexible
But when something like that's happening and every place is booked. Yes groom
so
Know where you're going and know what kind of things holidays are happening so you can be prepared for that because we literally almost had
Nowhere to stay because every single room was booked in El Nido
And also the tour's you want to be aware if there's lots and lots and lots of people visiting
You need to adjust to that and make sure you have stuff planned out in advance
16 what are some major things that you should bring? Alright? So for us sunblock is a huge thing
It's really expensive over there and a lot of them have whitening a whitening agent in it bleach to lighten their skin
I didn't want to do that. I want to get tan. I want to get tan
Sunburn but I also want to get a lighter so pack a lot of sunscreen. Another thing is a dry bag
You can probably buy one over there
But if you can get one on Amazon or wherever dry bags are great
Especially for those boat tours or beach days because it keeps everything dry change of clothes towels all your electronics phone wallet
You definitely want to dry bag because let me tell you in those boats
We didn't have a dry bag and we quickly bought one after this happened
We had our camera bag with all of our camera gear in it in the boat during a boat tour
And guess what happened half the bag was soaking wet and we nearly had a heart attack
But luckily the the outer of the bag was kind of waterproof, so it didn't get into the inside so the cameras yet
But it scared us to death
So make sure you have a dry bag so you don't have to experience that and of course you're going to the Philippines you need
A GoPro you need those amazing underwater shots
But to get those underwater shots and avoid losing your GoPro
you need a floaty stick on that GoPro because one of our friends dropped hers and
That little guy went a little too deep that most of us could not swim down and get it luckily enough for her
There was a nice guy that obviously had a little more experience
And went down and it was able to get it
But all of her footage was on there her husband was in the boat didn't know that this happened
He probably would have killed her definitely do that. Holy crap. I just realized we are an Amazon affiliate
I will put a link to those items down below
The GoPro the floaty stick and the dry bag and some sunscreen to make sure you guys are covered number 17
Just so you know in case you haven't been to anywhere in Southeast Asia
There's a lot of stray animals a lot of stray cat stray dogs, and they are friendly they're fine
They don't try to attack you or anything, but just be aware because they are everywhere
So just know that they are there don't bother them. They won't bother you number 18 drones
Everybody today has a drone right and when you go to these epic places you want to fly that drone
Right, but in the Philippines we noticed there was a lot of big signs that say guess what no drones
No drone flying here. Just be careful where you are. Don't if you see that sign don't fly your drone be respectful
Oh my god. What number are we on? I cannot remember now. I think it's eight 19 19
This is the first video in a series of four
So make sure you stay tuned so you can have all the information you need to know about the Philippines
I think we're on 19 number 19 the locals they are
amazing and
speak pretty much perfect English
I don't think I've ever been to another country where they speak
Such great English so kudos to the Filipinos because you guys are awesome. They are so sweet so nice, so helpful
it's it's a really it's a pleasure to travel and
Communication is not a huge problem. So talk to everyone smile
You're in their country be friendly make friends. It's the Philippines. That's more fun in the Philippines
Have a good time. Alright my friends. We made it to the end. You are really gonna thank me for this one
You are going to appreciate the fact that you need to know that you need to bring your own toilet paper
Because most public toilets will not have any none zip
you don't want to get into a situation where you have to go to the bathroom you get there and there is none be
prepared with your own toilet paper tissues
Whatever make sure you have some make sure your guy has some you want to make sure you are prepared for those situations
So pack your bags people you are ready to go to the Philippines
So I know that was a lot of information and don't worry if you didn't take all the notes
I created a free download for you guys. So you have all of the information and one spot
There is a link down below. So if you like this video, this is the first in a series of four
Thank you so much for watching. I hope all of these tips help you and keep you informed
So when you get there, there's not a lot of guesswork and definitely if you found this video helpful
Please hit the subscribe button. Leave a comment
Give me a thumbs up and show me some love and whatever you do, of course try something new
