Let's go?
Yes!
Are you sure I can breathe on the other side?
Yes yes!
It was so cool, to enter you need to dive, take a good impulse
It's a hidden place, it's impossible to find without the guide
Hello from El Nido
This morning we're going on the TOUR A
This is our fourth and last boat tour
For this tour we woke up at dawn. It's 6:30am
Today is a special day, the Big Lagoon closes at 10am
Because there is the RedBull competition
For our boat tours in El Nido, we booked with the same agency
They were quite accommodating, we were able to negotiate prices
And we always had nice boats and super crew members
First step: take the kayak to join our boat this morning
I hope we'll not fall in the water
Because with have the bag with our equipment...
I am not so confident right now
I mustn't move and have to focus to be balanced
I wonder how we'll get out of here...
Because there are boats everywhere around us
Last engine repairs before going
He gives everything he has
So he starts the engine with someone inside...
It's finally working, we can go
Now the next step is to get out of here
I think you're going to sneak between two boats
Trying to find a little space
Ok now we're good I think
A boat full of tourists in front of us...
We're not alone, just ten thousand people before us...
It's now 8am
I'm a little bummed...
After one hour struggling with the engine and trying to get out of there...
We'll be at Big Lagoon in about 35 minutes
And I think we will not be the only ones at that time...
I think it going to be difficult
It will be rush hour
We arrived at our first stop, Big Lagoon
And it's so crowded, I'm so sad
I'm so sad...
Let's go
We're alone...
They're not all in the water, we're rushing
But there is a lot of kayak
Attention!
The water is beautiful
I have to show that going to the gym is useful
The gym?
Yeah I'm not going to the gym, only climbing
We're all alone
Today the Big Lagoon closes at 10am for the public
Because there will be a cliff jumping competition
People will dive from the rocks here at the Big Lagoon
It must be an amazing competition
RedBull organizes this
We can see the jump points
Mamma mia, it's crazy
They put ladders for the photographers, here
And up there we can see two huge diving boards
Where it's written Cliff Diving
Sponsored by RedBull of course
We go up from there, to join the platforms
For the Cliff Diving
We're done with the Big Lagoon
Honestly it was really nice because we found cool spots without too many tourists
My gentleman is taking me to the boat
And now that we're leaving...
It's completely full of boats
They are everywhere...
We just arrived at the Secret Lagoon
There are several places
There is the Secret Lagoon where you enter between rocks
And we're on the beach for the moment, it's really beautiful
I really like it
There are a lot of people so we moved away from the crowd
To be quiet on the beach and take this opportunity to fly with the drone
We found a little friend
He disturbed Vincent when he was trying to take off
It's him!
Hello you!
For the moment my feeling about the Secret Lagoon: I really like it
Because with these black rocks that surround us
I find that very beautiful, with the rocks and the palm trees
The tourists are annoying because the TOUR A is very popular
It's very difficult to avoid the crowd
Oh I think a drone is coming at me
He said hi to me with the drone
I was saying that this place is really beautiful
Sincerely it's one of the prettiest place we visited for the moment
But there are too many boats
The Secret Lagoon, when you enter between rocks
I think it's not worth it
Because currently, it's dirty and too many people enter at the same time
On the other hand, the beaches and the landscapes around
I find it extraordinary, really beautiful
We're going back to the boat
The fun is over at the Secret Lagoon beach
We arrived at the snorkeling spot, right here
But we saw tons of boats and we don't really like it
So we asked our crew members to go somewhere else
That's the advantage of having a private boat
You can choose where you want to go
Getting ready before diving
Hello, I'm even prettier than yesterday
I'm going to find out what's next to the boat
Let's go!
I just went back on the boat after the snorkeling
We saw beautiful things
Some jellyfish and mainly corals
You have to be very careful with the corals
Isn't it Salomé?
We will cure this
A nice meal is waiting for us, now that we're back on the boat
Fruits
Oh this is pretty
A little calmar
Fried calamari, very good
We'll explore a secret place
Let's go?
Yes!
Are you sure I can breathe on the other side?
Yes yes!
It was so cool, to enter you need to dive, take a good impulse
It's a hidden place, it's impossible to find without the guide
So it's a hidden place
Located in the TOUR A, near the Secret Lagoon
And near the beach ...
The exit looks like this
This is the beach just near the Secret Lagoon that we just saw
Thanks to our guide
This secret place was magical
We're going to our last stop of the day
7th Commando beach
We arrived at the 7th Commando beach
There are so many people, we can't even "park"
On this last beach, on 7th Commando beach
Even if it's crowded
At least we can have fun
Vincent is playing volleyball
Playing volleyball under the palm trees, it's quite nice
That's the end of our tour
We hope you enjoyed this video
If it's the case, thumbs under this video
Don't forget to subscribe and share this video
Kisses
Last boat tour today...
... but I'll redo it because I had a drop on it
They're doing some pictures for instagram
