We've been enjoying ourselves in the United States of America. Spending precious time with loved ones.
Taking in all the sights and just having the time of our lives
We'll see you in the Philippines.
But all good things must come to an end and we had to fly back and now the story continues
We're off to the airport because my parents are embarking on their second trip to the Philippines
You okay? You tired?
After that long flight we need to get them something to eat
Skipped our last meal the one on the Manila flight because we had already eaten two meals to Tokyo and they feed you rice.
That's too many carbs. I need meat. I figured I better skip it because mom skipped it. So
or I'll fatten up because I'm sitting there doing nothing but sitting. You know you're doing but sitting then you eat a bunch of carbohydrates.
Time to make our way home
Yeah, my parents.
Who's more handsome?
You're father.
How dare you.
Guess how old he is.
59
I look pretty old cause my eyes are probably bloodshot from that long plane ride. Hey, he said your he guessed your age 59
I'll take that.
He's 70.
I can squat just with my bodyweight if I have to.
I'm just trying to not have my legs shut down on me.
I'm not going to worry about it until I get back home.
Dad is 70 years old.
He had a long trip coming here but despite that had to get it get a workout this morning
I don't get a chance to use this at home.
So I might as well use it here because I'm just kind of playing
in the gym until I get back to my regular thing. So, I might as well play with the new stuff.
This lat machine has a little different feel than mine.
This is a form of public transportation called an FX and mom and dad, they've actually ridden these before .
Are you OK back there, mom?
How is it riding this again?
Just fine.
What do you think of the way people drive?
I think it's pretty risky.
It's amazing that they're not having accidents.
Boy, you gotta constantly be looking in your mirror for these scooters.
And what if they're in your blind spot?
There really is something in there, huh?
She doesn't really show. We never got to see you at this age minus how many days old
Strong heart beat.
They don't want to know the gender. I wanna know but they don't wanna know.
Yeah, don't tell us just trying to see if if it's going to show itself
I'll understand it though. So don't
She or he is moving.
He's doing squats.
I think he's doing them laying down hack squats.
Cute.
It was fun seeing him or her kick.
The reason I asked if you have any pictures of her laying there is because
She had her glasses off and her hair looked so good.I thought she really looked pretty laying there. Imabelle did.
That's why I wanted to make sure you get some photographs of her laying there. She looked so good.
Normally during ultrasounds you don't worry about how you look.
But it was nice seeing the baby move and the baby's limbs and the baby's heart beat.
Imabelle doesn't show. I was kind of wonder if she is really pregnant.
I am so happy. I can't explain the kind of joy
I have just to hear the heartbeat and to see our baby move.
So it's a great blessing. That cost of just under $22
Mom was saying that in America it would probably be $1500.
That's crazy. Yeah.
having a baby really expensive. I would tell them I don't want any unnecessary
Tests and you're gonna do a test, especially when they cost that kind of money. There should be a reason for it
You know, I mean, yeah, if you were having problems I could see it but it's for a normal birth
Your glasses are fogging mom, I know I can't see
He's missing a leg
Yeah, his back leg. He has no foot. He must of got it caught in a door or got run over or something. Poor cat.
My dad is a big-time cat lover. So it's quite a sight to see all these felines around
What's so great about UST?
UST is one of the most prestigious schools in the Philippines.
And I graduated from here.
You watched my Real Time documentary on TV? What did you think?
You're so great.
You're so humble.
You're so down to Earth.
Nice to meet you.
Now let's take mom and dad to try a local favorite
What do you think of that burger?
It's more my kind of food.
You're gonna have a kid? Yeah. We're gonna have a baby.
I did say a few prayers about that.
I didn't know if you wanted me to pray for that or not and that explains why in the recent pictures
I don't know if I mentioned it to mom, but I said
Did I mentioned that to you? I said Imabelle looks like she's gained a couple of pounds
But that's a good way to gain it well I'm happy. Boy, I'm so happy that's about the best news
Now I know why you look like you gained a couple of pounds
You know you think I want this kid
Which is true because I want the grandkid and I want those Filipino genes in my bloodline
You know what I'm saying? I want that genes and I don't want Travis to be like Steve Reeves and not pass on as genetics
But I want that kid more for you guys
Even then I want him for me because it's just like I think about this all the time
You don't know like I said, one of the highlights of my life was in fact, there's a thing in Ann Landers today
Where's the paper? I got it right here. I ought to read it to you
About having kids
Because other than having each other that's the best thing you're ever gonna have
Those kids are gonna be more important to you than me and Mama
They should be
Not that your parents aren't important to you
But when you think how important like grandpa is to me?
He's not as important to me as you guys are and I don't expect to be as important to you guys as your kids are
But I want that kid for you guys because that's gonna be fun for you. In fact, I'm gonna read that to you
let me pull that and
Landers thing up. It's not an Landers anymore
but the new gal
Let me find out. I want to read the letter because I don't agree with the people. Reminds me of the people who decided
Not to have kids because they bought a big yacht instead and they were so proud of themselves for getting a yacht instead of kids
Cuz if they would have had kids that money would have gone for kids not their yacht and they named their yacht
Instead of Kids
And I said when those people get old and they're in the nursing home like Grandma and Grandpa. What is that nurse?
is
That yacht gonna come and visit them are they gonna do what mom and Alex did and keep the nursing home from ripping them off
And make sure the nursing home and the insurance companies treat him right?
all this trouble dad's had with us getting his money and all this stuff and all the over charges and
Alex checking in and telling them you overcharged
You owe them money back is that y'all gonna do all that?
And then when one of them dies like grandma is and the other one's all alone
Is that yacht gonna keep coming and visiting them?
No, that's what your kids do because I thought a lot you guys I don't want you to miss out on all the fun
I had raising you guys
It's the highlight of my life
it's uh
and watching you win your championships because like I said, the thing that makes me happiest is when either
something good happens to you like you gettin pregnant or
You do something good. I'm so happy for you man. Now, my head's gonna swell, I'm gonna be a grandpa again
I am really glad to hear that every once in a while. I say a prayer about that
now, I gotta say a thank you for
