Yo, okay, so I just put on a shirt and put on a hat, I just woke up. I just woke up to die again *true
No, but listen. I come back to here that came out, and it's Taehyung everybody was like
Taehyung come back trailer. Singularity Taehyung come back trailer JRE! Okay, I'm ready for this. I don't know if I'm ready for this
I'm not ready for this
Gonna sit down for this one. I need to stand up outside t.o.p. It's been a minute last night
Last night I was on Twitch looking at my old school BTS reaction videos, and yo
No more dream era no fan of the day this time. I'm gonna go up and review this -- damn JRE
No fan of the day this time. I'm just gonna go up and review. I'm actually really
Paying attention
but like serious as hell
You know what I look like? I look like one of those guys that you know my boy is doing a rap battle
I'll be like mm hmm do something fam
I was like okay, I was like hella like you know like I was hard. I was like
That's a dope name. V. Oh V
And that's the moment and that's the moment when Jre chose this  right here   EEEWW
You'll still get it to me I was like hmm, and then you see the next one bulletproof -- we are bulletproof
You already know I chose my bias because I'm like yeah, what's up V. Homie? You don't got abs cuz you don't got abs
you have nothing to show except for, maybe a two pack
Literally you see me become trash. It's actually saved on my twitch channel if you want to go check that out. It's pretty fun
I have back to my some of my old videos
I'll check it out link in description that below go follow me on Twitch
But since the beginning to now like how I became just straight trash. It's a beautiful thing *complete BTS trash subbing right here*
But if you do want to watch that link in description to which channel go check it out follow. We're here for some Taehyung.
Yeah, I love he is the bias your voice is so beautiful so unique I love it
Your voice over the years have even got more deeper, and I'm like dang cuz how deep can you get fam?
Anyways, let's get into this. Let's go let's begin
What's up JRE . This is Linda from Taiwan, and I love BTS now play my intro
Hi
BTS love yourself -- damn I went in I went BTS -- BTS love yourself tear
Singularity come back trailer right that's three minutes for 30 seconds -- or 32 seconds. I love that anyways let's get into this
Let's go 3 2 1 ah
why he shook?
I'm way too hype. This is way-- I'm so-- mmm big hit with that, that drop. Oh?
realizing something in 3
2
1
It's him with his other arm in it
Away from my sleep -- me too. I'm away from my sleep too - how you know this
Taehyung your voice fam
Get it
I try to -- I can't keep up
I don't have a voice
Yeah, you do
Your voice is so beautiful fam .today I hear that sound again
Just some body roll -- what is this -- jabberwocky's behind him?
It's like one of those mmm like that kind of body [roll]  -- ooh
Get your ish Taehyung
Oh everybody got partners
Clothes hanger partners, Oh feet  *what?
Oh can your hear that
*he feeling it
In a dream I shortly went in to
*that face tho*
Have lost myself what
Or have I gained you ooh, okay, we going deep  with this
Look him dance with that , ooh
There's my face in it. In what?
fam, I won't say nothing to reach my hand to cover my mouth
look at his earring
Ice will melt and flow away oh
Snap he became a jabberwocky
Tell me if my voice isn't real
sometimes I question I'm like yooo this guy is so good like
If I should have thrown myself
WHAT
My god ,like that voice, his movements who choreographed this
*RIGHT ..
What an interesting shot oh
oh its's done?
*NO*
a tear
The crying child walking
Listen
We need to watch this one more time
sound of something breaking
Just the choreographers I mean
I mean the  backgrounds
the backup dancers in the back just going with the beat
Oof look at that
I love that ,the way he just grabs his mouth to - he's like NO, no other hand
Just like I'm part of it
*HE FEELING IT.... AGAIN*
Trying to do the footsteps too - I can't
your voice just like melts me like but it just..
*DEEP SIGH*
And the Jabberwockys come out
*HE FEELIN IT AGAIN*
This a bodyrolling type like
*BODYROLLS INTESIFIES*
Hmm kind of ish man
*FEELING IT ONCE  AGAIN*
That feet tho
His voice is just like like like *deep breath voice kinda ish
It's definitely one of my favorite voices cuz it's so especially when he goes into
Oh
Just ...
It's hard to explain it but
If I shouldn't have thrown myself away
DAMN the lyrics though to coz what was I supposed to do back then
And then he puts on a mask with a single tear going down
Yeah, Oh is too. It's not too early. Actually it's like it's like lunchtime right now, but uh I
Just woke up, and I feel blessed and attacked at the same damn time  *same
so
Thank you. It's the first thing. I saw this morning I
Wasn't I wasn't lucky enough to get a BTS ticket *me too I'm broke*
I mean there's a second a fourth day for LA so I might try for that
But I wasn't lucky enough but to those who got tickets y'all enjoy. It's gonna be dope I already know oh
The production values just them in general. It's just gonna be amazing already. No all right. No, and if I am able to go I
Can't with you join you but my ticket luck hasn't been great. This year. It is what it is
I'm just glad that y'all are gonna be enjoying these amazing concerts
Are we gonna be coming out have a great time most of the time? I'm meeting by myself
I mean that's nothing wrong with that
Because I get to meet new people and turn up with new people and we just become friends well
It's cool to come with like a group of friends. Whether you're going by yourself or not. Have a good time you're gonna
Have a great time. I can't wait for the comeback the performance at the BBMA's
I don't know if I'm gonna do a reaction to that. I might do one on Twitch live, though
Cuz I feel like it's more better over there than just uploading a video
I mean either or you know
Copyright issues because it is the B BMA's I already talked about that on Instagram follow my Instagram if you want this comeback trailer
It's just like a slap in the face like y'all wake up
Y'all have a blessed day keep on dreamin dreamers dream believe do repeat if you have a dream out there put some hard work into
It it might just come true like to this trailer. If you haven't already seen it, but if you've why if if you haven't
GO watch it link in description down below as well, and uh
Y'all blessed day ok stay safe out there listen to music. It feels good listen the kpop after school. It's the BTS
If it makes you feel good then listen to it
y'all have a beautiful day ayt PEACE
Hey you better subscribe
*goodbye sexy beautiful people*
*see you next video
