Hey everyone its Marie from Asian boss
It's not everyday you see celebrities speaking out to raise awareness about various social issues that they care about
Especially in Asia that's definitely not the case for Liza Soberano
Was one of the Philippines most famous actresses with more than 13 million followers on her Instagram alone
Despite only being 22 years old Liza regular uses her massive
Platform to advocate what she believes in she agreed to interview with Asia boss to share with the world
Why she's so passionate about certain social issues that concern the lives of the Filipinos. This is how the interview went
Hi Liza. Thank you so much for chatting with Asian boss today
it would have been great to interview you in person, but given this
Global pandemic right now, obviously, that's not possible. But how are you doing right now? Are you staying safe? Yes. I'm doing great
I've been staying at home for the past three months now since
They stopped our taping for show that we're currently doing
I've been out about three times just to go grocery shopping, but that's about it
And I make sure that I practice all the safety measures whenever I go outside
How are you dealing with this lockdown situation right now is it like... does it have an effect on your mental health?
Definitely um
I've been I've been getting a lot of anxiety attacks lately because I mean we're just at home. We're isolated
We don't get to see a lot of people all the time and talk to different people
Which I am used to on a daily basis because well
I'm an actress and I work with a lot of different people all the time
So, I mean there's a feeling of hopelessness sometimes
because there's so much going on in the world and you want to help but you can't you can't really do anything but
Like voice out your opinions on social media or help by donating to certain organizations
You know small steps to help
Whatever is going on in the world right now, I guess for most of Filipinos
You don't really need an introduction because you're one of the biggest actresses in the Philippines
And the last time I checked you have over 13 million Instagram followers
But maybe for our global viewers
Who might not be familiar with you? How would you introduce yourself?
My name is Liza Soberano, but that's just a screen my real name is Hope
Soberano and
I'm 22 years old. I'm half Filipino half American
But I'm currently working here in the Philippines right now as an actress. I'm also a student. I've been studying psychology
We've been wanting to interview you for a while now because you seem like one of those public figures who
Genuinely care about social issues and are not afraid to speak up about them. But before we get into all that
Let's explore your background a little bit more. So, where did you actually grow up? I grew up in America
Um...
I was born there and raised there till I was 10 I went to school there and then when I was 10
I came here to visit my dad, but my brother and I ended up enjoying ourselves here and the culture of the Philippines
So we decided to stay longer
until I started auditioning for TV commercials
For print ads and stuff
But then that developed into me becoming an actress so you came to the Philippines as a young girl
But you grew up in the States. So how was that transition?
Was there any cultural shock? For example, what are the biggest cultural differences you've experienced?
I wasn't I don't think it was that big of a cultural shock because while I was in America
I grew up with Filipino well parents I grew up with my grandparents and
They are very very traditional to Filipinos. Like I grew up eating Filipino food
So it wasn't hard for me to adjust when I came here
I think the hardest transition would have to be learning the language because
My parents are on my grandparents are Filipino, but they speak more Ilocano, which is another language here in the Philippines
So I didn't know the national language
which is what more Filipinos know or can understand so that would probably be the hardest part and probably just
The weather difference because in America there's four seasons and here there's only two seasons
So I guess that it was hard for me to adjust that because I like the cold and it's pretty humid and hot here
But it wasn't that hard. I find it really fun here in the Philippines. The beaches are beautiful and people are so nice
How you identify most as do you identify more as a Filipino or more as an American?
Did you ever have some sort of identity crisis where you didn't really know? Where you belong do?
I think I can relate because I'm half Filipino myself. So I'm actually very curious about what I'm gonna say
Um
Well, I don't I don't say that. I'm more Filipino or and more American
I think I'm a good combination of both because I lived pretty much half of my life in American half here. So
So I've like found a way to incorporate both cultures within myself and
well, there are some times like when when I'm here in the Philippines I come I come off as too American I guess and
when I'm in America, I come off as too Filipino sometimes so it depends on where I am, I guess but yeah, um
I think I'm a I'm a pretty good mix of both Filipinos actually notice that you're half
Can they see that when you're walking on the streets do they notice or do they treat you as a full filipino?
Oh, definitely at first when I was here in the Philippines and I wasn't an actress of yet yet. Of course
Nobody knew who I was but a lot of people would stare at me all the time
Probably because I look different from them and they were wondering what is that foreigner doing here or something like that? Um,
but now I guess they do recognize me more as Filipino, but sometimes I'm not
Filipino enough since you are half
American half
Filipino
Do you think it actually helped you to break into the Filipino entertainment industry?
Does it help to be mixed or like half white. do you think you had some sort of white privilege in that sense?
I would like to think otherwise, but maybe it had something to do with it. Um
because Filipinos are really
fascinated with the Western type of beauty and
I guess like instantly when you look at someone who is half Filipino and what other other half they have
it sparks a curiosity and
Or some Filipinos might even find it attractive
so maybe that those were bonus points that they took into consideration when they hired me, um,
but I
I would I wish it weren't that way if you know what I mean
I wish it weren't about like how you look or what your background is or what your ethnicity is
I wish it were about like your talent and
How good of a person you are or your personality
But um, I'm not complaining though. I mean if it helped me then that's great then okay
So you came to the Philippines as a very young girl.
Now you have to tell us how did you end up becoming one of the biggest stars in the Philippines?
Is this something you consciously worked on or did it just happen magically?
It just happened all of a sudden. I never wanted to be an actress because I was a really shy girl growing up and
And I wanted to become a model
I knew that that was that was for sure because I was into
America's Next Top Model, and I always liked looking at magazines and stuff
so I started auditioning on for TV commercials and TV or
print ads
But that didn't work out a lot for me. So then
Eventually my road manager
he introduced me to my manager now, which is OG Diaz and
OG Diaz was the one who introduced me to ABS-CBN and
From there my I started working. I started doing what we call it for this area, which is a TV series and
From there. I've been working like straight since I was 12
I don't really remember like a period like this long during lockdown that I didn't have work.
So yeah
It's just I I did one serie... series and then I did another and then I did multiple movies and that helped with
With me becoming Who I am now. What do you think was the most difficult part about?
Gaining all this fame. Was there any obstacles along the way?
Yes, of course
Probably a lot of people would say that I am I'm just pretty that
I don't really have talent or that like I said, I'm not
Filipino enough and that they should give other Filipinos a chance
So those were probably the big struggles and also the language barrier because I couldn't speak
Um, I couldn't speak it fluently and I didn't have the right accent to speak Tagalog
Before but um, I really worked hard I strive hard to prove that. I am more than what meets the eye
that I do have talent and then I really had to practice my Tagalog over and over and I made sure that I
Became a well somewhat of an expert at like with the accent and everything
Oh, very very young. You're 22, right?
Did you ever think you'd become this successful at the age of 22?
No, I don't think I ever
Success was never something that came to my mind when I was young
um, I didn't really have any idea about it or what it meant I guess and
now that I look back on or like when you ask me the question, I'm
I'm grateful that I'm successful I turned out successful and I'm grateful for all the work that I've ever had
But no, I never I never thought I would be successful. I never thought about it
It was never something that I worked consciously on
So yeah, I was really shy before and I like I said
I would have never imagined going into the showbiz industry
The reason why I had to put that all aside is because I wanted to work to support my family
Financially because I I wasn't that well off as a child
We were just we just had the right amount of money and we had you know, everything was just the right amount
But I wanted to provide like a better future for my siblings
I have eight younger siblings. So I wanted to give them you know the best life they could possibly have
What would you say are the biggest up and downsides of being this famous? Well?
The biggest upside I think would have to be the fact that we get to reach out to so many people
We have such a huge platform to influence to speak up about
issues or or like or even organizations that matter to us and
We get to do the thing we get to do the thing. We love while we're all so happy
Well, we're also making other people happy at the same time. So like
We're making the best out of our lives, but we're also making other people's lives a little you know
Happier or a little more colorful at the same time
the downside of
The career the career or the industry. I work in are being just successful at such a young age
would have to be
Probably the sleepless nights because of the industry I work in
But and that I don't get to spend as much time with family as I would like to because I'm constantly
Traveling or I'm filming something and that takes like what about three months all the time?
Three months straight not seeing your family. So I would say that's the biggest downside
Recently, you've been part of this national movement to raise awareness about the shutdown of the biggest network in the Philippines
which is ABS-CBN for
Foreigners who might not know what what it is. Could you explain what ABS-CBN is?
So ABS-CBN is the largest and oldest free-to-air television network
and it's the company that I work for it's been ten years since um, I've
Started my first series with ABS and if it weren't for them, I wouldn't be who I am now
and I wouldn't have the name Liza Soberano because they gave me that name also and
They trusted me they gave me the opportunity to
portray different
Roles and to lead in some of the biggest
Biggest projects that the company has ever had
So I owe a lot to them a lot of who I am is because of them now
since your work at ABS-CBN again for so long how big of an issue was it that it actually did shut down probably one of the
biggest issues here in the country right now aside from
Cogan 19 the pandemic
I mean if it's big enough to reach you guys to reach all these big
News stations in America. I would consider that a big issue. Why did ABS-CBN actually shut down in the first place?
Do you know that the National Telecommunications?
Commission
Just ordered a cease and desist order
because our franchise
Has expired and they had to renew it. Our company has been trying to renew
for four years now
But hasn't been approved or they've been prolonging?
The hearing or whatever it is that they had to do to fix the the franchise so
That's why they closed it down. So when you first heard about this news, what was your initial reaction? I was surprised. Um
Actually, none of us saw it coming.
I honestly expected that because of the whole pandemic and the crisis that the country and the whole world was facing that um,
The hearing or the issue with ABS was going to be put on hold and that they would have resumed whatever
Process they had to go through to fix the franchise of the network would be resumed after
the whole pandemic so yeah, I was shocked and
Right immediately after I started checking social media checking my Twitter and Instagram
And I just wanted to check on some of the people that I work with in the company and I saw all their pictures
At ABS-CBN they were crying and they were like we were so sad. We couldn't even hug each other even though we wanted to and
That made me really sad I even cried
How did this shut down affect average people and that says how much did people rely on ABS-CBN?
Uh, most recently. We had a typhoon and
people in that region didn't really have
They didn't have any other network or any other station
They relied on ABS-CBN for their news
So they didn't know that the typhoon was coming so that one pretty big issue that happened after ABS-CBN closed down
That made it obvious that ABS is important to the Filipino people. A lot of people really rely on ABS-CBN right now, especially because of
Covid-19 happening and there's other like natural disasters that have been happening
Here in the Philippines as well like the typhoon there have been multiple earthquakes these past few weeks
So a lot of different regions in the Philippines that don't have other stations except for a this you can rely on us
For news and information and because we are not on air right now
They are facing these challenges without any warning ahead of time
but do you think it also has something to do with press freedom because it's in its news, right and they're on
Current events and people rely on just like you mentioned earlier with the typhoon and now Covid-19
Do you think it also is the press freedom issue?
Yes
I would definitely say that it probably is a matter of press freedom and press freedom is
important because
we stand as like the protection between ordinary people and those who rule or those who are in power and
Journalists and reporters are there to inform people because how can they make an opinion if they're not
informed if they don't know that they have other options and we are fighting for freedom of the press because
People need us people need to see a different point of view
people
Need I mean like we are here to serve the governed not the governors
We're here to create balance which that is what life is all about balance
I've actually come across a lot of celebrities in the Philippines posing like this
On their heart
But they're very curious about this actually symbolizes what does this pose mean?
That was a campaign that was organized by ABS-CBN leaders'
and it just it basically means that we're fighting back to bring back the ABS-CBN franchise so that they can continue on
serving the Filipino people as they have been for 65 years now and
it was initiated so that we can
garner attention
From people all over the country so that they could support us if they wanted to
How did the public actually react to that did they react positively or did they get any
backlash for doing this?
There were like 50/50 reactions. Some of them are negative
Some of them were positive, of course. Naturally my supporters would react positively to that and they would support because
Well, they support me and they love the company and they've been avid fans of
the programs that the company has been producing but there are people that are also on
Have opposing reactions or have negative reactions saying that
like the law is the law and that ABS must shut down
And that we're probably just fighting for the company because we benefit from it
How did you respond to that I actually find It sad that people would think that we have such selfish intentions?
But it's it's more than that. Like I said, I've worked with ABS-CBN for 10 years now
I've grown to love everybody that I've worked with my bosses
um, the people that I work with on a daily whenever I'm filming my TV series or a movie and
I don't think any human being like with with a heart could stomach
Seeing that these people that you love so much or that have worked so hard to get to the position that they are in now
which is some of them have been working for the company for like 25 years and
for them to reach a certain level that takes a lot of time a lot of effort a lot of perseverance and
Love for the company for them to stay that long and I don't want to see all that
Time and effort go to waste for them because if the company just closes then they would have to find another job
But of course when you go into another job, you're not going to get the same benefits
you're not going to get the same salary and that's what we're fighting for because these people worked hard and
We don't want their hard work to go to waste
Right, and it it's also a matter of just pure love for
For the company and and for all the projects that they produce and the audience
We have a connection a deep connection with our audience
We call each other Kapamilya which in Tagalog means family, so you would never let your family
You know face these trials or these issues on their own you got to stand up for your family
How do you respond to
People who would think that you're too young to give any
Insightful comments on this or to be even involved with social issues like this
I don't think anyone is well
Aside from if you can't speak it if you're that young but I don't think anybody is ever too young
to give out an opinion as long as um
Your your opinion isn't stepping on anyone as long as you're not trying to bring anyone else down. I mean
I'm not doing anything bad. I'm just trying to help these people that can't that don't have a voice or don't have um
The following to you know to be heard
what I did the other day is I tried to ask the government to
You know look into the case again and to like really see it in their hearts what the real issue is and to focus on
what the matter is so that the company and um
The government or whoever needs to renew the franchise
You know can come to an agreement and can settle things out
Like in a right process in a right time and a lot of people did the whole posing thingy like we did
which means that they were pretty concerned about ABS-CBN closing down and they showed their support and a lot of
ABS-CBN's fans also started showing their support online probably to the Filipino viewers I don't know when this is coming out but
if you can, please sign the petition to renew the ABS-CBN franchise only if
It's in your heart to do so, of course, and I'm not forcing anybody
But just if you happen to chance upon it and you want to how can they do that?
Um, there's a website
Actually, I should put it on my bio on Instagram. It's a petition that you just have to fill up your name
And then that's all you just have to click enter then as an actress. What are your future plans as an actress?
Well, I hope to go back to taping soon go back to work
I do not know what I have down the line and as of the moment because usually um, I
Should be doing my TV series still right now and usually after TV series we get into doing movies
I don't know how we're going to go upon that since I mean
This will pandemic and we don't know the current situation or the future what the future is for our company
Um, I don't know
What is going to happen to the company in the future?
But I will always stand by them. I don't think that um, I
Don't think that I could ever go to another arrival network here in the Philippines
I could look for like projects to do like foreign projects to do probably but
my heart and the Philippines goes to ABS-CBN have you actually ever thought about
Going to Hollywood. I mean you have talent, you have the looks um, I have considered it, but I've always been
busy with my projects in ABS-CBN and
I had a contract with them too that
Hasn't been finished yet. So I
I've been really busy with them. They've been giving me a lot of work when I one project after the other
Yeah, and I think it's cuz it's my comfort zone too
Um, like I said, I'm very shy. I don't know. I don't really know if I could deal with
being super famous in another country
I don't know how I would like seeing Hollywood celebrities and how they get
you know, um
interviewed by
By paparazzi and stuff. I don't know if I could handle that
But I guess if you go outside in the Philippines everyone would recognize you right. So, how do you do that?
Do you have like bodyguards or?
How do you hide like um, no, I don't I never have a bodyguard cuz they're really nice and warm
They usually just want a picture or they just want to say hi
So I don't really mind that um, and they don't usually crowd us because there's not usually like one whole huge crowd of Filipinos
So, um, it only gets scary if there's a huge crowd, but if it's just one or two Filipinos passing by and they notice us
we don't really mind
But can you just go to like a mall just like that or can you even go shopping normally?
In the Philippines, um, when I do go to a mall, I usually wear like a mask and a hat
Sometimes they still recognize me cuz of course, why would anybody well now that's the new normal, but before it wasn't
So I would get I would still get attention for being dressed like that
And but even though they would recognize me they kind of knew that I was trying to keep or trying to be low-key
So they wouldn't try to attract too much attention towards me. And you mentioned that you had anxiety. And like I don't know if you mentioned depression
But um can you go more into that
yeah, I was having anxiety attacks because like I said, there's a sense of hopelessness going around because of
Because of Covid the pandemic and a lot of the trials that we're facing here in the Philippines
Like with the whole ABS-CBN issue.
I felt like I wasn't doing enough or there wasn't enough that I could possibly do
like cuz I'm not physically there it's different when you're physically there to show your support or
different when you're physically there helping people and
For me, I'm the type of person that can't just sit back and watch everything happen and not do anything about it
So I started getting anxiety attacks because I was like, oh no, um, I'm not helping people
I'm not doing anything I can't do anything because I'm stuck here at home. I hate this pandemic. It's it's just like a bunch of
Thought bubbles just popping into your mind constantly and because you're at home, you're isolated in the comfort of your bedroom
You don't get to see that many people
Except for your family probably and you know it eventually seeing the same people over and over no matter how much you love them
but not
Being able to hear different insights or just you know asking somebody how you are or how they are
Because you're at home, you're not gonna ask your parents how they are because you're with them every day, right?
So like it's just different having normal conversations everyday with people and being
Present with other people what actually helps you to get over these
Anxiety attacks. Um, I like to read I like to read books
I like to go online and just talk to my friends or play games with them or I like to cook
I like to cook because it's like it's like the time that I have to myself to just really
think about life because I don't know you get to just focus on the food while you're chopping and just stirring and then
Your thought is just like all to yourself you get to think
that's what I do whenever I have anxiety or sometimes, you know, I just lay down in bed and cry Oh,
Is there any tips that you can give to others on how they can cope with this keep yourself busy
Try to find something
new to do that's one thing that I discovered that helps with anxiety when you try to learn like a new
Talent or maybe a technique or skill?
um, it really helps with easing or like helping you forget about whatever it is that you're thinking about in that moment because you really
have to focus on learning so that helps with coping with anxiety or
boredom during um
Quarantine, do you have any life mission or goals that something big that you want to achieve and want to become a humanitarian?
because one of my idols or my icon my favorite icon is Audrey Hepburn and
She was known for her
Humanitarian acts and I hope to or I aspire to be like her someday
um
I want to come to like reach a point in my life where I'm content
With whatever it is that I have and I just want to go around the world
and help people. what other social issues are you personally passionate about or advocate for. well I'm an
advocate for children's rights
Um, like I said, I have a lot of siblings and I love children
So that is something that I'm trying to look into know. I I hope to become like an ambassador of UNICEF
Maybe Save the Children in in the future
I've been more vocal lately about my my passion for children
For children that need help like for child exploitation on the Internet
I've been more vocal about that right now
I've also been quietly like in my own way supporting different organizations here in the Philippines
And I've been doing a lot of charity work but before
I wasn't really vocal about it because it was a part of myself that I wanted to keep to myself
But then during this pandemic I realized that I should be using my platform to share
What I believe in or what I stand for to hopefully influence people to do the same
Because at the end of the day, that's what we want. That's what I want. I want to help these children
I want to spread awareness that
We need to stop these people or these predators online from abusing these children
Can you explain this whole child
Exploitation part because I know I'm not sure people would understand what it is
or like what the problem is special specificly in the Philippines is
Currently the Philippines is the epicenter of the online sexual exploitation of children in the whole world
We provide the most material or the most
yeah, the most material throughout the world and you know, that's really sad knowing that I'm
In the country causing all of this. I wish it were because Filipinos are known to be so loving so
Hospitable so warm and you could never imagine but I mean
poverty is also a very big thing here in the Philippines and I
guess I don't know why but when people
Are at are like so poor here in the Philippines they can't think of other solutions on how they can
Generate income that they go into that they go into exploiting some of these people are their own parents
They exploit their own children. Some of these are family members and the parents don't even know that it's happening
um, and I wanted to spread awareness about that here in the Philippines because maybe a lot of people don't know that it's going on
Maybe it's happening to someone's
child and they're not aware that it's a family member or it's somebody that they're close to it's doing this to them and
it really needs to stop because it's getting especially now during
During the quarantine
everybody has all the time to be on the computer and has so much access to social media has so much
access to the Internet that
They could be doing bad things. They could be doing good things online and
My purpose is to spread awareness that you should be on the internet for good like you should be doing good things like reporting these
reporting these monsters
Spreading awareness or insight on different issues that the world face right now
Do you have any?
Examples of these stories because I'm sure that a lot of people overseas actually have no idea what this whole thing is
And maybe it's good if you give at least one example, maybe something that you've heard from someone
Um, I actually did watch a documentary before
I don't know if it was like a documentary or like a short clip on
Facebook but there were these two foreigners
I don't know of what ethnicity but they came to the Philippines and
they were undercover police or um detectives and
they were trying to
like hire children
um
so they were talking to this one mother and
Then I saw in the video that the mother brought them into the room with the two guys and then the two guys were asking
What can we do with the kids and then the mother the mother was like you can do anything you want?
It just costs this much and then that's when the they took out their badges and they started arresting
The lady why do you think it's such a big problem in the Philippines specifically why not in a different country?
What about the Philippines isn't that makes this issue? So big
I think it's because because of poverty a
Lot of a lot of these people are very uneducated. They probably haven't even
had the chance to go to elementary school
So they don't you no
They can't really a process or think or don't have the right mind to think of ways of how they can make money
Without you know doing something illegal or bad
So it's like their last resort or probably not their last resort, but that's all they could think of
What do you think that needs to be done to stop child exploitation in the Philippines to spread awareness to let people know that
it's it's a pretty big issue and it's going on here in the Philippines and
It's been increasing in numbers of the material that
That has been
Spread around the world and people are finding are becoming innovative and finding other ways to do without being trapped by doing lives
They do live streaming so that um, it can't be caught. Um as soon as it's uploaded and
people need to know about that so that they are aware of
How much time their children because sometimes children don't know that they're even exploiting their self because they don't know any better
So I think it's the parents
obligations also to
Make sure or monitor their children's internet use. Um
it's also the chai... of the
responsibility of
responsible adults to
Take action or if they know of somebody or a child that is going through this
that they should report it or
They should make
They should just make it obvious that this is a big thing
Going on in the Philippines and it should be stopped as someone who many would consider to be an a-list
Celebrity in the Philippines. How important do you think it is that other celebrities or influencers like you?
Speak about their beliefs. Well, I think it is important that people with a wide or
big following like celebrities or influencers
Should realize that they have such a wide reach to contact to inform and to mobilize people
That are concerned with a certain issue or a cause and they can influence people to take action
especially people that already love and support them and I
mean because of our number of the number of following we have
It's all it's like quick to almost
Instant sharing of messages because our fans of course will share the message and their friends will share the message
So we reach like a wider
amount of people and wider opportunity and
we should start doing that because then you will get
you will potentially get people that will support that cause or will at least even listen to it and
Your voice will be heard
So thank you so much Liza for chatting with us today and hopefully next time we will be able to interview in person
We wish you all the best for the future and stay safe
Thank you so much
I had a wonderful time talking to you and I'm so thankful for the opportunity to be on Asian boss because I
Didn't get to say this earlier, but I really do watch some of your guys's videos and I really like what you're doing to
spread awareness or to you know
Let people know what Asian culture is like and I really enjoy that and thank you. Thank you so much
