I'm John. I'm from Arcata, California.
And I'm happy I came to Cebu this time.
I saw Roxanne's profile but she looks much, much better in real life than she does in the photos.
I found everyone and the staff very helpful, connecting and making things work for me well so it's so very easy.
Let's say they pick me in the hotel where I came in.
The next morning, they picked me up and took aviation seat so I would get to the right place.
And they even, like, said a brand new phone, and they load it with cards.
And you get the minutes, and get all those things.
They put the phone numbers and names of the people I'll be seeing inside of them.
So I can make calls and connect easily.
They knew everybody too. They were aware of that.
So they have a personal connection with the people, and the beautiful ladies here.
It's not just a computer thing. It's a personal thing. That's what makes the difference.
I feel like I'm being cared for and all of the staff is very sweet, very lovely, and very helpful.
It makes me happy I made this choice.
Because I didn't know if this is gonna be a good or bad choice.
I did stake out on trust, you know.
And I think it was good trust.
Hi, I'm Stephanie. I'm 20 years of age.
I'm looking for a man who's kind, respectful
and very much friendly to others most
especially when it comes to my family and friends.
Hi, I'm Felly.
24 years old.
Kind, loving, caring, and sweet
I'm looking for a man loving and caring.
My name's Antonio.
I'm a chef's from the United States .
It's my second time to the Philippines.
I just got married to this lovely woman,
and I met her family in Lake Sebu and
went to see some sights and Seven Falls.
Wow.
It was beautiful.
Well, it was very different from any
experience I've had in the United States
They are very close family.
I met uncles and aunts from all over the country.
Yeah.
What I can say about the
Philippine people is they're very warm
and loving and friendly.
Yeah.
It was quite an experience, the way I was greeted by everyone
and her relatives and they made me feel like family just almost immediately.
When I  go back home to the United States the first time,
I was reflecting on all the places that
I've been here
I definitely want to come back again and
I enjoyed all the things that I see and
people that I met, very friendly.
Yes.
Yeah, I would recommend that any single guy to come to the Philippines.
and get out here and see what it's about.
I'm so very happy I'm married to Antonio.
