Yo, what's up everybody, it's your boy jrE! Wow. We got TWICE Signal, now I've seen the teasers- ajhajkgh
Now I've seen teasers to Signal and they're kinda weird
I don't know how I feel about the song just yet because you know I be living off that Ooh-Ahh and TT all day for some reason
I don't expect myself to get into a TWICE cutesy group but for some reason it gets in my head
And it keeps on replaying in my head and I start singing it
And I think that's the magic about TWICE for some reason and plus they cute too
I still never made a full TWICE trash video because I feel like I'm not fully TWICE trash right now
Half trash, if that's a thing? I don't think that's a thing but I don't know who my real bias is, it's so hard to tell
I love Momo, Sana, Nayeon, Mina tho. So hard to choose from all of them
Can I just love all of them as a whole? Like is that a thing? That has to be a thing, obviously
Anyways, let's get into this, let's begin
The channel just reached 900k subscribers. Thank you. I get– thank you so much, bow to y'all because it's all y'all.
Y'all got me here. So thank you. I have to say thank you hopefully when I hit a mil whenever that happens, I don't know if that's ever gonna happen
But when I hit a mil I have to do something special, definitely have to do something special so yeah
Let's go. You ready T.O.P? He ain't ready. Let's go.
They just dancing
What's going on? Oh, but she looking fine. What's good Sana?
Oh they want sleep sleep
Oh damn, they just passed out in a very perfect formation. That's crazy
Cos I pass out in a very perfect form too
Oh this is from the teaser. Jihyo!! Jihyo right?
She's so cute
They're all so cute though
Damn, she fast
Mina!!
That alien wants nothing to do with it(?)
That. She's so cute. I'm sorry. She's cute. They're cute. Let's just agree that TWICE is cute.
She has telepathy? She made a heart
She's so– oh my god
AAAAAAAND I WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOUUUUUU
Okay, hold up Jihyo.
Oh, she can turn back time. She's like Tracer (from Overwatch)
Oh, that's the new thing!
Damn girl, you have super strength too?
Oh, she can be a ghost? Transparent?
Sana, you turned invisible right? How is he supposed to see– oh she got multiple
The two rappers!
Oh, she can stop time
What was with the smile tho?
That alien looks so sad by the way
Whoa Jihyo
She goes back in time and everybody behind her is like–
So cute, I keep on saying that they're so cute but it's obvious tho
Can I just say, y'all are so cute? Can I just say that?
Sorry, I'm just checking my battery of my camera if I do look down there
A tree house? He looks like he just wants to be left alone
It's definitely a little bit different but definitely has that TWICE feel to it
Jihyo's coming for my heart tho [yess this is Jihyo's era!!]
Oh shit what's gonna go down
Oh, he's being summoned back
Damn y'all want that alien so bad
[whispers] Oh they're all aliens
Ohh, so they're just attracted to him because they are aliens themselves
Okay, I thought I was like this kind of weird alien fetish thing
Okay, okay. Let's break it down. I still love Ooh-Ahh, I still love TT
I don't know where to place this song within all of them like knock knock, and what's the other one? Uh?
Cheer up! Cheer up was pretty catchy too
Huh. I feel like I have to listen to this more in order to get it
It's definitely going to be on my head. I feel like TWICE knows how to do that, but Jihyo tho
What's good?
Every time I watch a new TWICE MV, I'm like I'm talking to you, every time I watch a new TWICE MV
I get into like a new person not a new person, I've seen it, but for some reason
I just, like, someone just comes after my heart
My kokoro [means heart in japanese]
TWICE. Signal. What do you guys think? Put it in the comment down below what you guys think
Music video wise, story wise
Music wise and yeah. Like this video, share this video, and subscribe. This your boy JRE from JREKML
Love y'all my beautiful sexy people, thank you for NINE HUNDRED THOUSAND SUBSCRIBERS
Thank you so much for liking, sharing all my videos and yeah
Bless up to you. You have a good day you get that cookie you always wanted, you get the ice cream you always wanted
You treat yourself
Okay?
Anyways TWICE Signal. Alright y'all keep on dreaming dreamers dream believe do repeat
If a dream out there, put some hard work into it
And it might just come true. Remember the key is hard work. Alright y'all, bye for now
