Welcome back everyone, I told you guys to
let me know which of these Urban Legend videos
you really like and we will go back and do
more on that country - we got flooded with
people asking for this video.
I dropped what I was doing and started working
on it right away.
Luckily, The Philippines had more scary stories
than I'll ever be able to use - but let's
do 10 more really creepy ones anyway.
My name is Danny Burke and this is the Top
10 Scary Filipino Urban Legends Part 2.
Starting off at number 10 now we have Biringan
City.
This is a mythical city that is said to lie
between the real Filipino areas of Gandara,
Tarangnan, and Pagsanghan.
Heres the thing, its said to be invisible.
According to local folklore, the entire population
of Biringan city is comprised of supernatural
beings.
They are shapeshifters who take human form
and sometimes invite outsiders like us to
visit the city.
If you're invited, be aware that time does
not move the same in this city.
Seconds become minutes.
Minutes become hours.
Some who say they've been there have left
to find that they've been missing for weeks
when almost no time at all passed for them.
The most common reports of the city come from
sailors who claim to have seen a dazzling
city of light on moonless nights for a few
minutes.
They describe it as beautiful with high rise
buildings and advanced technology.
One story says that a Japanese company saw
bright tracts of land in the area from a satellite
image.
They thought it was gold and began setting
up the site in a nearby town, but mysterious
accidents and mishaps forced them to shut
down the operation.
Invisible city - do you guys think that's
the perfect cover or a bit far-fetched?
Moving on now to number 9 were gonna talk
about the Engkanto.
Some say these are the supernatural beings
who inhabit the invisible city we just talked
about.
Either way, they are believed to live throughout
the Philippines.
The Engkanto are mythical environmental spirits
that are said to have the ability to appear
in human form.
They are often associated with the spirits
of ancestors.
Physically, they are said to resemble elves,
sirens and other dark beings.
They are similar to humans, they age, have
males and female, can suffer from illness
and even die.
Some appear to be fair in complexion, with
blue eyes and golden hair.
They live in natural homes such as large rocks
or trees but can make these appear like magical
palaces to humans.
They are enchanting creatures but every who
hears the stories knows to avoid them, they
can cause fevers and skin diseases or lead
travelers into the forest to kidnap them …
Next up at number 8, we have the Sirena.
These creatures are the Filipino version of
mermen.
They are said to be hideous, with scales covering
their entire bodies in colors ranging from
brown to green, and gill slits positioned
in various places so that they can breathe
underwater.
Their upper bodies vaguely resemble the form
of a man, tapering down to the tail of a fish
or scale encrusted legs with webbed feet.
Various legends depict them with powerful
green tentacles, fins, webbed hands, claws
and other appendages.
They're also said to have sharp teeth which
make them formidable predators.
The scary part is they are hostile to all
humans, who they drown in the depths of the
sea and then devour as good.
Also, many stories involve them causing shipwrecks
just to eat the sailors on board.
Their bloodthirsty nature coupled with their
extreme intelligence makes them a terrifying
predator.
Kind of reminds me of another species was
all familiar with …
Next up at number 7, we have the Jeepney Ride.
This a story shared by a Filipino girl about
her friend.
One day, her friend went home late after finishing
off a school project.
She took the local jeepney bus home and because
it was late - a jeepney is a popular means
of public transport in the Philippines.
On the journey, she kept noticing the driver
looking at her in his rearview mirror.
She got worried when he began to take turns
in the road he was not meant to.
However, she was even more scared of being
left in the middle of nowhere and so decided
not to say anything.
Eventually, though, he took them back onto
the correct route and they arrived at her
destination.
He turned to her and said -I'm sorry if I
scared you or startled you.
It was not my intention, could you do me a
favor and burn all your clothes when you get
home.- He continued, saying -The reason why
I kept glancing was that your head was not
attached to your body when I looked through
my rear view mirror.
That is why I changed my route a while ago,
hoping we could get away from the bad energy,
and that's why I want you to do to burn your
clothes when you get home because I think
its still with you- … the girl was shocked
and ran home, quickly burning her clothes
in a fire.
A few days later, she heard on the news that
the driver had died a day after the incident.
It was then that she realized the warning
in the mirror was not for her, but for him
…
Next up at number 6, we have the Aswang.
These are shapeshifters who live among their
human neighbors without us ever knowing.
They've been described as a ghoulish combination
of a vampire and a werewolf.
There seems to be no single, solid description
of what these creatures look like.
Some say its essentially a werewolf in appearance,
others say its closer to a vampire, the only
common theme is that the Aswang is always
shapeshifters.
They live normal lives among villagers and
then at night, they change.
The Aswang morph into various creatures to
hunt their prey - usually young children or
unborn fetuses which they suck out and devour
directly from the mother's womb.
Gross, I know, but its part of the story when
it comes to these hideous creatures.
Moving on to number 5 now we have Tiyanak.
This is otherwise known as the Demon Child
and is another mythical creature in Philippine
Mythology.
They are said to be babies who die before
being baptized.
After death, they go to a place called limbo,
neither heaven nor quite a hell.
There, they are transformed into evil spirits.
The phantasms return to our world as this
Demonic goblin like creatures - looking to
eat their human victims.
They can also be the offspring of a demon
and a human.
Most Tiyanaks are said to live in the forest
where, if they see a human, they will transform
into what looks like a normal baby.
Naturally, most people will try and aid a
helpless baby in the forest.
When they get close though, that's when the
Demon Child changes back to its true form
and kills the helpless human …
Next up at number 4, we have De La Salle University.
This place is known as a place of learning
around the country but locals know it has
a lot of dark stories in its walls.
The main building is said to be haunted by
soldiers who died bloody deaths in WW2.
The chapel in this building was used by refugee
families, many of whom were massacred by Japanese
soldiers.
Their spirits are said to live in the rooms
they called home for a while.
In modern times, students have reported strange
happenings in the chapel.
One of them involved an Accounting student
visiting the chapel to pray before a big exam.
As he settled into one of the pews, she heard
footsteps coming towards her which suddenly
stopped.
Then she felt a pair of hands on her face
and when she opened her eyes, there before
she was a man in a torn and bloodied soldiers
uniform - he had a bayonet through his chest
and was gurgling for help through the pool
of blood in his mouth.
When telling the story to her friends, she
assured them she knew it was a ghost - but
she had never seen anything so real and so
terrifying …
Moving on to number 3 we have The Jellyfish
Blackout.
On December 10th 1999, in the city of Luzon,
most of the lights went out.
The city was plunged into darkness.
Authorities said a large number of jellyfish
had been sucked into the seawater intake of
a major power plant near Manila, clogging
up the mechanism.
Reports began to spread that it wasn't just
normal jellyfish that had caused the blockage,
it was giant ones.
They had been sucked up from the bowels of
the ocean and as soon as the blockage was
cleared, they would begin terrorizing the
city's waterways, even lurking in the sewers.
Some say that's where they remain today, multiplying
in numbers.
Moving on to number 2 we have Duwende.
These are often called the dwarves of the
Philippines.
They are mythical creatures said to live in
small hills around the country, the mounds
are so small they resemble anthills.
They come out at specific times - 6 AM, 12
PM, 6 PM, 12 AM and so on.
They have pointed noses, hideous teeth, long
white hair and angry eyes.
They are said to bring you a fortune or bad
luck - most people would rather avoid them
altogether.
One story of them came from a guy who was
burning old coconuts on a farm.
At around 6 PM, he saw something shiny around
the bushes, it blinked furiously.
As he approached the bushes, something crawled
out of it towards him.
Standing there, was a Duwende.
It offered him a gold ring and told him to
keep it even though he didn't want to.
He remembered his Mum had told him that if
he ever sees anything out of the ordinary,
just leave it be.
Then, the creature snapped its finger and
disappeared.
Some say if you take something from them they
will always ask for something in return, and
it will only be a whole lot of trouble for
you …
And finally, at number 1 we have the Kapre.
He is known as the Smoking Monster.
This legendary creature is said to be as big
as a 2 story building and hairy.
It lies dormant in an old large tree.
Generally speaking, they are friendly creatures,
but only up to a point.
You see, the Kapre love to smoke tobacco - they
almost always have some sort of cigar burning
away.
When travelers go to the mountains or the
woods they should be wary of the Kapre.
If he sees a beautiful woman walking past
his tree, he will blow the smoke out until
it becomes an intoxicating cloud around her.
At that point, she will lose consciousness
and he will kidnap her.
If she tries to fight or someone tries to
save her, the Kapre will get violent.
Likewise, the way to make a Kapre very angry
is to destroy its home or indeed any tree
in that forest.
When loggers mow down a whole forest and smoke
is seen spiraling up from the ashes, they
say the cloud of the Kapre is looking for
its next victim …
Well there we go, another fascinating trip
to the Philippines, thanks to all our viewers
from there who suggested this video - I know
a lot of you wanted it - what would your second
choice be though?
We're definitely gonna go to a whole new country
for our next one so let me know what you want.
Thanks for watching as always, my name is
Danny Burke and Ill see you all in the next
video.
