Veronica: Hey guys! It's Veronica, and you're watching another episode of Merrell Twins Exposed.
Vanessa: Alright, come on get up! What are you doing?
Veronica: Yeah, come on! Let's go!
Paul: No, I can't. I'm sick. I don't feel good.
*Coughs* Paul: You're going to have to find somebody else.
Vanessa: We kind of have a big problem, um, our dad is, like, really sick and we don't know what to do.
Veronica: So bad news, our dad is sick but I'm pretty confident that Helen
will be able to find someone for us.
Helen (Vanessa): Since Paul is sick, I'm going to just go on like
Craigslist or something and hire a new director for the day.
Carol (Veronica): So I feel really bad that Paul is sick, but I have some really exciting news!
My brother is coming into town!
*Carl Knocks*
Carol (Veronica): Carl!
Carl (Isaac): Hello Carol, how are you?
It's so good to see you.
Carol (Veronica): Good to see you too!
Carl (Isaac): Gonna shut the door so the AC does not run out.
Carol (Veronica): Come on in, let's go meet everyone!
Carl (Isaac): Okay, sounds great.
Carol (Veronica): Guys, meet my brother Carl. He's visiting.
Veronica: Oh, hi...
Vanessa: Nice to meet you!
*Carl Fangirling*
Carol (Veronica): Oh, sometimes he gets a little shy.
Vanessa: Alright, well we have, like, a lot to do today.
Veronica: Yeah, let's go.
Carol (Veronica): Okay let's go, come on. *Carl Fangirling*
Carl (Isaac): So I'm in town, visiting my sister Carol in
Sunny, California. I decided to stop by and help for a couple of days and ,uh,
I'm a huge fan of the Merrell Twins and I'm in their house! *Fangirls*
Carol (Veronica): I had no idea that Carl actually watched YouTube,
so, um, I'm really glad I could give him this opportunity!
Vanessa: Carol invited her brother over and it was just like so random because he showed up and just like...
froze.
Veronica: Why, would their parents name them Carol and Carl? I can't tell them apart!
Helen (Vanessa): I have to deal with Veronica, Vanessa and Carol already. Now I have to deal with another Carol, but this time it's named Carl.
Carl (Isaac): I own all of the Merrell Twins merch. I'm a huge Twinner, and I watch every video that they've ever posted everyday 24/7.
Carol (Veronica): So today Vanessa has to take pictures for Instagram because as you know as a social-media influencer it's better to have
pictures in the vault to post when you don't have anything to post but Vanessa has nothing right now.
So, we have to find a photographer.
Vanessa: Today I'm going to be taking photos for my Instagram and I just want really cute outfits
and some really nice aesthetically pleasing photos to post, but unfortunately
my usual photographer is not available, so I don't know what I'm going to do.
Carl (Isaac): So Carol, how are your, um, retirement investments going?
Carol (Veronica): They're going great, how are yours going?
Carl (Isaac): Mine are alright, they're just uh-
*Vanessa Whines* Vanessa: Guys! I have a problem.
Carl (Isaac): What is it?
Vanessa: I can't find a photographer for my Instagram. I just need Instagram photos.
Carol (Veronica): Vanessa, I do photography!
Carl (Isaac): She's perfect for the job.
Carol (Veronica): Don't you remember I did the merch photos?
Vanessa: Oh, yeah!
Carol (Veronica): I can do your Instagram photos for you!
Carl (Isaac): For free.
Carol (Veronica): Please?
Vanessa: Okay.
Carol (Veronica): Vanessa, wasn't able to find anyone to help her take her Instagram pictures,
so she asked me and I'm going to help her take her Instagram pictures!
Vanessa: So, like, I'm down to, like, my last option, because I couldn't find a photographer.
So I have to use Carol.
Carl (Isaac): Vanessa said that she needed help with her Instagram pictures and lucky for her, I'm a stylist.
Vanessa: I'm like really shocked that Carl is a stylist.
So I'm really excited to see what he's gonna pick out for me.
Vanessa: Alright, so I just want a simple Instagram photo right here, in this outfit, I think it'll be good.
Carol (Veronica): Okay, let's do it.
Carl (Isaac): In that outfit? Listen I'm a personal stylist and I know what'll look great on you, put these on, please!
Vanessa: What?
Carl (Isaac): Put them on, please. Trust Carl.
Carol (Veronica): He's really good at what he does.
Carl (Isaac): Trust Carl.
Carol (Veronica): Alright, come on!
Carol (Veronica): I didn't know that Carl is a stylist, but he does have great style.
Vanessa: Since Carol is like a decent photographer, I thought Carl would be a decent stylist,
*Vanessa Scoffs* But was I wrong!
Carol (Veronica): Okay, work it Vanessa.
Carl (Isaac): Yes, work it Vanessa, you look fantastic!
Carl (Isaac): Oh my goodness!
Carl (Isaac): Oh, gorgeous! Copy my poses.
Carol (Veronica): Perfect! Yes! Wonderful.
Carol (Veronica): Yes, oh wow! Oh, perfect.
Carl (Isaac): Oh my, god!
*New Boss Knocks*
The New Boss (Nathan): Hello! I'm your New Boss, outta the way!
Helen (Vanessa): New boss?
Helen (Vanessa): So the new director showed up and we got catfished... again!
The New Boss (Nathan): Hi, I'm the New Boss, and I'm taking over this shoot.
Helen (Vanessa): Veronica, this is the New Boss.
Veronica: Oh! Hi, what's your name?
The New Boss (Nathan): The New Boss!
Veronica: Oh, nice. I'm Veronica.
Veronica: Do you want some cookies?
The New Boss (Nathan): NO!
Veronica: Okay, I guess... let's go.
Veronica: Honestly, I... I don't know what is going on through Helen's head,
but a child just walked into our house!
Veronica: I got you some off-brand Oreos. They're vegan.
NO! I DON'T WANT ANY COOKIES!
Veronica: Well, I didn't want to give them to you anyway!
Veronica: If there's one thing I get the most anxiety about, it's children.
Veronica: So, like, since you are a child, do you want some milk? It's dairy-free.
It's Lactaid.
The New Boss (Nathan): NO, I DON'T WANT MILK!
Veronica: But it's lactose free.
The New Boss (Nathan): I don't want any milk!
Veronica: Okay, so like guys, I'm really panicking because, like, I've never really
babysat before and, like, we're having to babysit my boss.
The New Boss (Nathan): WHERE IS VANESSA?!
Veronica: Uh, I think she's outside,
uh, doing an Instagram photo shoot.
Veronica: Are you sure you don't want some cookies?
The New Boss (Nathan): No, I'm okay for right now!
Veronica: Okay.
The New Boss (Nathan): Hey Vanessa, I need you for this video!
Vanessa: Who are you?
The New Boss (Nathan): The New Boss! That's an ugly look.
Vanessa: I know!
Carl (Isaac): But I styled her!
Carl (Isaac): The photo shoot was going great. Everything was clicking and clacking. Bat ta bing bat ta boom
And then this tiny man walked in with a better sweater vest than me!
Vanessa: So, like, I was in the middle of my photo shoot for Instagram, when all of sudden this random kid just, like, said,
"You, come here!" And I was, like, huh? And so he took me to, like, our studio and it was just super random.
The New Boss (Nathan): Right, let's film this video.
Veronica: What are you wearing?
Vanessa: It turns out he's, like, our new producer and editor?!
Carol (Veronica): I admire this kid, he's got a lot of potential for this cruel world.
Veronica & Vanessa: Hey guys!
Veronica: I'm Veronica.
Vanessa: I'm Vanessa.
Veronica: And for this video we're going to be-
The New Boss (Nathan): Stop! Cut, that was awful.
Veronica: Alright, one more time.
The New Boss (Nathan): These girls have no idea what they're doing.
Veronica & Vanessa: Hey guys!
Veronica: I'm Veronica-
The New Boss (Nathan): CUT! That was still awful!
Helen (Vanessa): At first, I was skeptical of this new director...
but now I like him.
The New Boss (Nathan): I've been in this business for a long time, I know what I'm doing!
The New Boss (Nathan): Where's my coffee?
Carl (Isaac): What coffee?
Vanessa: He's just, like, super bossy, and just bossing everyone around, and is really mean and demanding.
And he just, like, demanded Starbucks out of nowhere, I don't even, I can't.
Helen (Vanessa): The way he's bossing them around gives me joy. *Helen Chuckles*
Carl (Isaac): This guy is just so mean!
The New Boss (Nathan): Carl, where's my coffee?!
Carl (Isaac): What?
The New Boss (Nathan): Carl's just a good for nothing.
The New Boss (Nathan): Trash!
Carl (Isaac): Excuse me sir, here's your, uh, hot chocolate.
The New Boss (Nathan): I wanted coffee!
Veronica: Although this kid's been bossing me around all day,
the kids got some spunk, I gotta give him that.
Carol (Veronica): Why is no one else concerned about the fact that this kid doesn't have his parents around? Where are his parents?!
The New Boss (Nathan): Carol is just so weird!
Helen (Vanessa): He's my spirit animal.
The New Boss (Nathan): I quit! All of you are fired!
The New Boss (Nathan): All of you are trash!
Vanessa: Um, he called us trash. Like what?
Helen (Vanessa): Well, it was fun while it lasted.
Veronica: I can't believe he just walked out like that! Like, after everything we went through today he just left.
The New Boss (Nathan): This day has been nothing but trash. I'm done with this day!
Vanessa: So, like, this day has just been awful. Like the photo shoot was kind of a fail, my dad is sick,
we hired a child to direct us and then he left, like, I can't everything is just going wrong.
Vanessa: But you know what, at least one positive thing came out of this,
I got a decent Instagram photo and I just went ahead and posted it to Instagram.
Vanessa: So you can go check it out @VanessaMerrell
Veronica: Have you seen Vanessa's Instagram post?
Carol (Veronica): It's been so wonderful having Carl here, thanks for helping.
Carl (Isaac): Yeah, I tried my best.
Carol (Veronica): You did amazing!
Carl (Isaac): I tried my best, 100%.
Carol (Veronica): You could've done a little better.
Veronica: This has been a very crazy day! I don't know how we go through it, but we did!
Veronica: And you know, I guess the lesson to take from this is to just...
Veronica: And that was this episode of Merrell Twins Exposed! Hope you guys enjoyed watching it.
Veronica: Thank you to Nathan and Isaac for being a part of it. Nathan played the Boss and he did really good, right?
Veronica: Did you enjoy it? Did you have fun?
*Veronica Laughs*
Vanessa: And Isaac played Carl.
Isaac: I played Carl on this one, like the nerdiest guy ever.
Vanessa: They're our cousins, in case you guys didn't know.
Vanessa: They also have a YouTube channel, subscribe to their channel. Follow Isaac on Instagram.
Isaac: Go follow me, go follow me, go follow me!!
Everyone: Thanks for watching!
Veronica: If you liked this video, give it a thumbs up. Make sure to subscribe to our channel by clicking this button right here.
Vanessa: And if you click this circle button  you can subscribe to our 2nd channel. Click some of the other videos right here that we've done before in the past.
Veronica & Vanessa: And we'll see you guys next time, bye!
