Rolling. Hey gang, I'm Travis Kraft. You're watching my travel vlog
I'm here in Pand,i Bulacan
join me as I take you behind the scenes of a new promo video for
Pandi, Bulacan... a lovely little town about an hour and a half outside of Manila
Supposedly, this is the first Republic of the Philippines, but it it is unknown
So that's why we are trying to to make it popular
So that's what we are going to do. Meet Boobay, a comedian and my co-host for this video
There's much adventure to be had here
So we're gonna do some rock climbing
This is gonna be like Tom Cruise in Mission Impossible.
I've never done this. So I have to pray to the gods of Scientology, the aliens and
channel the spirit of Tom Cruise. This was my first time trying wall climbing and I didn't know how it was gonna go
Especially since I'm a larger guy
But surprisingly I scaled the wall without too many problems
I'm so happy that I can come to Pandi
and experience it here.
Let's go check this out.
We're going in the outh of the whale.
Look at these beautiful ladies.
This is going to be just perfect.
Pandimazing!
Now I'm supposed to be acting like I'm vlogging but I'm actually vlogging again we gotta get this huge dinosaur
This thing is pretty cool. Look at this
We're acting like we're vlogging while we're actually vlogging so they can get this drone shot
And that's why I got to be super excited about this
But I am really excited in real life because being able to do something like this
Not only is it a great honor to be asked to do something like this
But it's a lot of fun. You got to have fun while you're working.
Time to make some waves at a wave pool.
Travis, isn't it Pandimazing?
I love it here!
If you've never been to the phillipines this is what the Philippines prides itself on its roast pig
it's always very good for the
Food and recreation...
Time to showcase some local fashion in Filipino formal wear made by local designers
Excellent quality for Filipino formal wear is one of the things that Pandi does best
Okay
So that's the end of a three-day shoot. I think
everything turned out really well. I know they got some really great footage
and now all they have to do is edit it and I'm sure once the people see it, it's gonna be really great
It's gonna drive a lot of tourism to this really wonderful little town
It's definitely a place worth checking out. I've been around to a lot of different places in the Philippines
I've been all over in the Philippines
but I had so much fun coming here and
Experiencing their local culture their local flavor and just seeing what they had to offer. It's been
There's been a lot of firsts for me here and I'm sure I'm gonna come back to Pandi.
It's definitely Pandimazing.
