Good morning guys from Cebu.  today actually we woke up early we had breakfast at 6am
because we wanted to take a ferry and
 go to  Bohol Island actually now we bought the tickets
If you are in Cebu and want to go to Bohol, make sure you have your ID with you
because you have to show your ID to be able to buy tickets
When you buy the ticket and you enter the terminal then you should pay for terminal fee
which isn't a lot
it's just 25 pisos there are three
different types of tickets. one is outside is 450 pesos, the one inside is 500 pesos
there is a business class ticket which is 1000 pesos
The prices I'm saying is for  just one way ticket. we went for outside because I usually like to sit
outside and we are on a boat I don't
know maybe for the return we buy the different one. we will see
which one is going to be better for us
and right now we are trying to go to Bohol
these are our ticket I'm so excited
I've heard a lot of good
thing about Bohol and let's see what we
can do but we should be careful because
the last ferry from Bhopal to Cebu is at 6:30 pm
I think we have time because we are going to take the ferry at 8am
We are boarding. That one is our boat
it's not sunny that's why we decided to
stay outside
I think if it sis sunny it gets hot and it is hard to stay outside
we we just landed I think. we just
arrived in Bohol and actually we got a private tour
this is our car. it is a  van and we are to be with our guide Leon.
he is going to show us around
We just passed somewhere there were a group of people with roasters in their hands
Our guide explained us there is a roaster fight in Bohol on every Sunday
Roasters should kill each other and the killed one will be cooked and eaten and the winner get the prize
first stop is just kind of adventure for
one hour. we are getting at an ATV and
each of us gets one and then we are
going to follow a route with our guide
to go to Chocolate Hills.  today we are
going to viewpoint of Bohol hopefully
it's interesting
Do you remember how to drive ATV?
I haven't driven yet?
oh yeah I did I forgot yeah I don't
know how I did it in desert
let's see what we can do
this is us. we are so ready to go
We are geared up and ready to go and
here is our guide
we haven't driven long time
we are both so dirty I don't know if you
can see
we just left our ATVs and here is our guide
and he's our guide for one hour and now
t we are just hiking yeah yeah
so there's two way  to go to the top
now you want to go to the highest or the 
smallest?
we go to the highest
It is just hiking and after that we are coming back the same route we took
We will get our ATVS in a muddy route
They are going for the smallest one we are going for the highest one
there is no one if it is route
is it ready hot
Apparently we are at the highest point of this area
Now we are heading back and actually I think our tour is over
we washed up and we thought we are
so clean but actually when we got to
the car but now they are not. we brought some dirts to the car
we are going to one of the highest
part, which is a viewpoint of Chocolate hills
