we're still in Queens
we're staying in Astoria
Alright, so we are down here in little manila
In New York City, right in Queens
Naz says the area is called Woodside,
right ?
okay so this is where little manila is
inasal ? oh yeah inasal is good
good for grilled chicken
oh there are three restaurants
inasal ? oh yeah inasal is good
directly in little Manila but it's like about a mile away....
i wanna try that. Bulalo i tried in Coron it is amazing
i want to go for Bulalo one for sure. If you guys are down for that
i definitely want some of the lumpia and sisig. Those are sprig rolls
They have like.. Filipino style Springs rolls
we gonna share everything
is this still considered little manila ?
YES
We gonna have eventually 7 people
So how many food you think.. maybe 5 dish to share among 7 people ?
yeah, we probably gonna order more as it goes on too
oh, that's the fun part right ?
but you know what ? he mentioned that.. Bulalo
i wanna try that. Bulalo i tried in Coron it is amazing
i want to go for Bulalo one for sure. If you guys are down for that
i definitely want some of the lumpia and sisig. Those are sprig rolls
They have like.. Filipino style Springs rolls
Are you ordering some sisig ? Yeah Sisig is amazing
This is actually not enough for you guys
we gonna share everything
So you ordered chicken BBQ, Bulalo
wait wait wait
that's huge, is that bulalo ?
this is our specialty, Bulalo
this is mine, right ?
oh my god that's so confusing I know
Pork Sisig from the philippines
Is this what they call sizzling sisig ?
exactly because it's sizzling guys that
the sound is like killing it normally it
has and egg like a raw egg in the middle
the bone marrow is that's the beef bone
and then in there is the Merrill's you
can eat it it smells good you like it oh
yeah wonderful it's really you're from
Queens yes we lived five yes uncle today
we're leaving to the hey believe me
today we might be held up for five
months let's go I try all the clemency
which is like the meal
it's really good and let me try it just
like kinda squeeze it under I couldn't
shake it
unlike filthy everything you get in the
Philippines comes with bellomont really
good yeah that's really good
it's that it's so it's like the mix
between lamb and remember Jose is right
yeah this is a avocado shake yeah I'm
kind of shake you like it I don't know
what this thing about it is yeah
my brain is gonna front we'll come back
in a little bit I'm sorry I gotta go for
it
must eat guys I can't wait for this suit
bro no more I don't know even know where
In New York City, right in Queens
And inside the restaurants they actually offer like different filipino snack
We gonna walk around and se what they have
we are at the wrong one ?
Well, apparently there are 2 restaurants name the same thing
is this still considered little manila ?
YES
We gonna have eventually 7 people
So how many food you think.. maybe 5 dish to share among 7 people ?
yeah, we probably gonna order more as it goes on too
oh, that's the fun part right ?
but you know what ? he mentioned that.. Bulalo
Are you ordering some sisig ? Yeah Sisig is amazing
This is actually not enough for you guys
