Hi guys all right? I am Luckas as everyone knows and in today's video we will react
Philippines Vs Indonesia - Female Singers 2018
so to sum up let's see singers from the Philippines and Indonesia
one against the other, competition and no comparison
and everyone knows that I like singers, both from Indonesia both from the Philippines
so let's see if there are any that I already know or if we will not meet new ones
singers, we're not people, so we're going to see
1 2 3 and already
So as I said, they are only singers from the Philippines and Indonesia
female singers in case
sing more quiet music, huh?
she has a very beautiful voice
Wonderful beautiful Isyana, mistress of Indonesia
sing very well
I already know this singer.
So far songs of singers have been chosen so not ours
it is not dancing. But I like
As soon as I finish, I'll get
It's 2018, 2018 I do not know so much about it yet.
This is her new song, I have not seen it yet. I need to see people
Yeng Constantito is a very good singer from the philippines that everyone should know
Look, Raisa.
Nadine Luster, I said I wanted to see but in the end I still have not seen it. I'll get it
now people
Oh I love Indonesian music, it does not have
Comparation
Only women's songs, they only put songs
2018, but more songs
not so dancing our has choreography
songs for you to rest
Do you listen so you can rest a little?
of the shouts and to be able to rest a little, I love Indonesian and Filipino music because of this
but there are other types that I like, too, people
And it's growing, I did not know there were so many new singers
I want to see them all. Very good
Look, Niki.
Oh guys, it's a lot ... I keep thinking like this
because if I stay watching I'll spend days watching, it's a lot of content
Ah to Sarah Geronimo, she is wonderful this singer
I wish she were better known outside the Philippines
and in all other places, I adore her people
Agnez Mo Queen of Indonesia
this song I already made reaction here in the channel, have you seen?
Are you done? Ah, people, very fast. Very good singers and really cool songs that I already want
to see. Well folks this is it. Philippines and Indonesia in my heart
forever. Many thanks to you who saw this video so far
I hope you have enjoyed it, give like, comment and share.
until the next video. Goodbye!
