Hi guys! Welcome to the second part of
our video series here in Movie Park
Germany.  This theme park happened to have
a special offer of two days one night
hotel stay for a family of four and this
is our day 2 visit.  And on this specific
day they are hosting a cosplay event. If you'd like to watch that part of our
visit feel free to click on this pop-up
or on the description box below. Right
now we are going to show you adventure bay at Nickland and Santa Monica
Pier.  But before we do here's a quick
glimpse of the car stunt show we also
recommend you watch for those of you who haven't.
It's called "Crazy Cops New York" and it's
pretty cool!
And now let me show you the rest of Nickland.
Yeah! It's papa's turn! Go Jasper go Jasper go!
"Hit  him really hard Jasper!"
(cheering)
"That was fun!" Thankfully during our stay
it was dry for the most part. We were
expecting some showers but it still did
not stop us from trying out rides while
it's bright and shiny. And we really
wanted to see the new attraction here in
Adventure Bay. Our youngest was truly
entertained!
He loves paw patrol!
And it didn't matter that the people
here speak German.
(music)
(music continues)
See what I mean?
Our youngest is really fond of chase.
(speaks in German)
There are also plenty of souvenirs and
gift items to buy at the Nickland shop.
Items from 'shimmer and shine', from 'Dora', 
'spongebob', 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles'.
They have them all here.  And for some
reason when there's a slush puppy
there's our boys buying their own flavor
combo.
"Slushy. I just got it. And i have
cola, uh cherry and orange.
"Alright, what about you Liam? What do you have?"
"I have strawberry, orange, cola
blueberry, and again strawberry."
"Alright, enjoy!".  And now it's time to show you
Santa Monica Pier. We were here on both
days and these clips were actually taken
around the end of our first visit. As you
may notice it's now less crowded as most
of the visitors have left at that time
so this part was all to ourself.
And here we are on day 2 and it was
definitely cloudier and it actually
started to drizzle around this time.
But our boys got themselves a treat
and they're gonna try their luck again
for the second time.
Well that's it for today! Hope you
enjoyed watching this video and don't
forget to Like comment and subscribe to
our channel for more interesting "Pinay
mom's vlogs."  Thank you for watching and
until next time!
Next time on pinay mom's blogs...
