Hello guys!! how are you?!
For today's video we're here again in Hanin Town Sky Lounge
- What do you mean for today, we just came from the inside
You always tell lies
Yes, here at Hanin Town Sky Lounge.. the sun is already setting so we went here outside
I love this place
When we came here before, the weather was cloudy
It's a nice weather today
I can see the swimming pool from up here
Isn't it's your first time here?
- There are girls in bikini there
This is the best time to visit this place
- Around 5-6 PM
Before we start the video, I wanna' say something first
Someone sent us gifts
I already received this gifts recently, but I forgot to show these because I was busy to move on another house
Did you move house?
- Yes
Why you didn't tell us?
- To keep you off from stalking me
Where your house at?
- Secret
Can you hand over me something to open this box?
- Here, opener
How did you do that?
That's why it's called opener
What's inside?
- 3 smaller boxes
There are no names on the box
Let's open these
The sender doesn't want to mention his/her name
- Really?
Wow, I got goosebumps, I just randomly picked a box and I got one with my name on it
Yes, we picked randomly... this box is for Grey
I picked my name
The sender's handwriting style is nice
The sender wrote my name with Korean polite word on it
Let's open these
Pouch
Pouch and key ring
And our names are imprinted on the pouches
Thank you so much
Thank you so much
I needed this kind of pouch
Why? you have a lot of cash?
There's money inside
5 pesos
This is like a lucky charm, thank you
Today, we will try Crispy Pata
Crispy Pata
Have we tried this before?
- I never tried it
I've heard about this, this is like Korean food "Jok-Bal"
(Sorry about the noise)
But Jok-Bal is steamed, this one is fried
(Workers are working)
Have you tried crispy pata?
Back then in 2016
- Can you put that knife down?
Before I live in Angeles, I've been in Boracay to travel... then the tour guide recommended this...
- Can you please put down the knife?
Anyways, it was tasty
How about you?
I never tried this
- Me too
I think it would taste like "Schweinshaxe (German Roasted Pork)"
This is Hitler's favorite food
- Don't speak his name
I only knew about Germany because of Hitler
He's not German
Anyways, let's try this
Wait, beer first
Fill up the glass with ice
It's crispy
It goes well with beer
It taste like Korean old fashioned fried chicken
It's pork, but I can taste a lil' bit of chicken in it
Is this for a full course meal or sides for drinking?
For drinking?
I think it's for drinking
I've never seen Filipino who eat this as a proper meal before
It's the same part of pork but cooked in a different process compare with Korean
It tastes good
Korean "Jok-Bal" is boiled with sauce so it has some flavor and chewy texture, and crispy pata is close to natural pork taste
It's the tastiest part
If someone pick a fight with me while eating this, I could use this as a weapon
Why do you look so ugly today?
Is he?
- No, I mean you
Me??
Can I borrow that bone for a moment?
This time of the day is the best time appreciate the view from up here
Do they have cocktails here?
- Yes they do
Wanna' drink cocktail while eating crispy pata?
By the way, Jok-Bal is better together with soju
How about crispy pata? does it go well with red horse?
I wanna' try it with gin
But we only have san mig pilsen
If someone who likes jok-bal, he will probably like this too
Kinda' tastes like lechon kawali
I think it's different part but has the same way of cooking
They used pig's foot on this one
Lechon kawali is steamed, right? (He's confused between Lechon kawali and Liempo)
It's steamed on fire
- how is it steamed then?
Ahhh! I mean grilled
But this one is fried
Wait... how can you call it steamed?
- ...... my bad
I think it's good to be eaten with sam-jang(Korean condiments)
There's lettuce
Let's try to eat this like samgyupsal
No, the lettuce looks withered
For me, meat is better than fish
Is this raw onions?
- Yes
Why did they put onions on this
Onion is good for blood circulation
Is this the traditional way of cooking crispy pata?
Do Filipinos eat raw onions?
No, I've never seen before
But Koreans likes raw onions and garlic
Anyways, it taste like half pork and half chicken
I found out on when you fried pork, the water inside of it vaporizes quickly so the meat will become tough
But the texture is one of the enjoyable part of it
I'm so full
Starting from fish and ending up on meat
It's easy, I can eat more
- Do you want me to order more?
I mean... it's...
We're already done with fish and pork, the next will gonna' be chicken
No, no.. let's finish this already
How's the crispy pata?
It was tastier than I expected
How about you, Yohan?
- For me, crispy pata bring back memories
Back then 2016... it was one of my best memories
For me, it tasted very familiar.. like Korean old fashioned fried chicken
Your lips is glossy because of the pork's oil
- Lick it
I really enjoyed the food, fish and crispy... sorry, what it's called again?
Pata
- Yes, crispy pata
Gusto mo patay?
Let's end this video
It's time to go home and watch Netflix
I forgot how to end a video
