Hi guys! This is Kelly.
Welcome to my channel!
Firstly, "Kasama ang Pamilya" and
the second is, Mother's Day Tribute 2020: Pasasalamat.
So, let's get started.
The jolibee..
Yeah, how long?
Cute~
Is he the brother?
I thought he's the father.
Cute, I love the idea.
Jollibee spaghetti
being the laptop, like the mother's and the father's
I think that's a good idea.
This is so cute picturing the family.
Yeah, it's always good to be with family.
I think what Jolibee prioritized in this commercial
is the picture of family.
In the Philippines,
they really value the love of the family.
Like getting to bond with each other.
And, that was clearly shown in this commercial.
I really love the fact that
they were able to picture it really excellently.
Watching the first few seconds of the video,
we were able to see that
people are wearing the face shields.
When the pandemic first started (declared),
it wasn't really mandatory to wear face shields.
But as time went on,
people needed to report to their workplace,
so they started wearing face shield(mandatory).
Like the child first said, 
"I want to go to the playground."
That is something genuine out of the child.
Like for me,
as I am drained from the online classes,
I want to go back to school.
That's the small happiness that I've been having.
Like going to school, seeing friends, to talk with them,
and laugh together..
These are the things that I really miss and small things
that I haven't noticed back before pandemic.
And the child says,
"We get to stay together as a family."
That's something I agree.
Like there is the joy that
you get to see your family every day.
You get to talk more, you get to bond more.
Though there are small struggles and challenges
you may have as you have to stay together
throughout the day.
But I think being with your family is an opportunity
to catch up with what you've been missing:
while you were going to school,
while you were working.
So you get to spend more time with your children,
to spend more time with your parents
and other family members.
I think that's good.
I loved the commercial itself.
It's really heartwarming.
So, the second video is Mother's Day Tribute 2020.
So, this is almost a year of a video.
But I just got to know it recently.
So, let's start the video.
Oh.. this is true story?
omg :((
Wait..
..
I really feel like crying watching this video.
Like.. (can't continue)
Thank you.
When the video shows about like the frontliners and...
We know it's tough time for everyone.
We know how much the frontliners are struggling.
And like the whole nation and everyone in the world.
They are really fighting to overcome this pandemic.
(clearing my throat)
Just seeing this video..
It's not even half (of the video) yet.
But it showed the many different forms of people
fighting for the current situation.
Like the Kuya pushing the carts in the mart.
It's been awhile since I've been to a mall.
But then, the last time I visited,
they were still really smiling and welcoming everyone.
Also, they're doing the best in their place.
I think it really touched my emotions because
I understand how much people are doing.
Like they are really doing their best
in every positions they have.
So.... Yes... 
True..
Yes..
Mothers of different people and different occupation.
True!
Thank you ♥
I actually saw this (other documentary) video before.
So, both the mother and the daughter is a nurse.
So, there are both frontliners.
First, it was only the mother called to serve.
But then later on, the daughter voluntarily
decided to become a frontliner as well.
So just thinking of that situation,
It just made me feel of how would the mother feel.
How would she feel as a parent.
We all know that being a frontliner isn't easy.
But then having to send a child to that place..
I think mothers are really great in different forms.
There are different mothers.
Mothers of different characteristics & different stories.
But this commercial really pictured well,
a mother of a doctor, mother of the nurse
and mother of a soldier, police officer, technician...
Just a mother.
Simply a mother.
This was so touching.
This did not only tackle the love of the mother,
but how much people are striving (this pandemic).
I think Jollibee commercials are really using the stories.
They are trying to reach the people/
connecting to the people by the stories.
When I search up for the videos to react on,
I really realize that they have..
They are trying to deliver many stories of the people.
And the main theme is the joy they find in Jollibee.
I love how Jolibee is trying to portray the love
and the joy you can find in the smallest thing.
And I really appreciate those videos.
I just want to say thank you.
(These) Jollibee videos and other commercial videos
that I've been seeing through YouTube ads
like the Jolly savers are very different.
This is a whole new perspective.
So, this is it for today's video.
I hope you enjoyed watching it.
And I really really recommend you
try watching the Jollibee commercials.
Like the story version.
So, if you have any other video request,
please comment it down!
And
please don't forget to like and subscribe!
See you in my next video.
Stay safe everyone~
Bye~~
