Good Day!
Good Day!
 Oh wow, there's two people in the intro, it's tight in here
 big but we're both beautiful
 why are you both here
 we're both going to cook something traditional that we do every Christmas
 we always have this on our table
 what are you going to cook?
 I'm going to make fruit salad
 we're not gonna do much cooking today
 macaroni, chicken salad
 we're going to eat salad today, but not diet
 of course
so why did your boss decide to cook fruit salad and macaroni, chicken salad
what is sentimental value of these during Christmas?
 These are the two desserts that's never leave our table
Is macaroni salad really a dessert?
Yes, dessert
It can be a dessert or just snack
 it reminds us of Christmas in the Philippines
the last time we're all together
as a family in the Philippines was 22 years ago
that's why it became a tradition for us to cook different Filipino food and delicacies during the holidays 
it makes us feel we are in the Philippines
do you mom what is the importance of these dishes?
It reminds me of as a whole family
of course of your dad, and all my five children
that's what I hear all the time mom where is the
mom macaroni, chicken salad mom fruit salad
 who's going to cook first
 present
 Queen
 let's start with macaroni, chicken salad, so easy
 here's our ingredients for the macaroni, chicken salad
 where is of course our elbow macaroni
 this is one whole box. I already boiled this
 but even if you don't have macaroni, any kind of pasta, it's OK
 this is our onions
 the one whole onion, I only took half of it
 finally chopped it, so you don't notice it as much
 only one carrot, finely chopped
 so it doesn't overpower our macaroni
 our celery
 if you don't like celery, then you don't have to put it
 but for me, it adds flavor
 three stalks of celery
 chicken breast
 I already boiled it and shredded it
 this is only half of the two pairs of breast
 boil it in a little bit of salt. Let it cool and then shred it.
 No, if you don't want chicken, you can also use ham
Our raisins if you don't like raisins, you can also take it out
 but also, it's still good to have raisins
this is what makes it more of a dessert,
its sweetness and has a bite to it
sweet pickle relish
this also makes it sweet
 and a bit of sourness
 so we can have a little twist
Mayonnaise, which is also a main ingredient
 be quiet, please
 and this, a lot of people ask, why is there a pineapple
 it adds flavor
 another layer of sweetness and tanginess
but if you don't like pineapple, you can substitute for Apple
 you can chop Apple?! (my sister's name)
 I'm not pork
 as you can see she's shaped like an apple
you can also substitute fruit cocktail
 but for me, I grew up on pineapple
 this is what my mom makes even back then
 I have a pineapple earring
 so beautiful
 so I can all remind you that I eat pineapple
 of course, we're not going to forget Sugar
 sugar which adds another layer of sweetness
 other people put condensed milk
 I grew up on sugar, and I just really like sugar on its own
 I don't like much dairy
 that's why I only put sugar
 I already have mayonnaise
So that the flavors don't clash
 we will add a little bit of salt, a tiny bit
 just a really tiny bit
 I forgot to take out the ground black pepper
 just a tiny bit about two pinches
 just to balance it
 sorry for all the drilling. after the maracas it's drilling
 OK let's start putting together our macaroni chicken salad
let's start with putting carrots
I already wash my hands OK
Just one carrots
It's up to you if you want to put everything
 we'll put that much in first
 this is just half an onion
 now our celery
 this is three stems of celery
 I'm going to leave a little bit out I'm not going to put all of it in
 because I have an estimated it yet how much I wanna put in
 this is our chicken breast
 we're going to put all of it because this is our main protein
 one can of pineapple tidbits
 sweet pickle relish
we're only going to put 1 tablespoon
because we don't want to overpower it with sourness
Because we already  have pineapple already.
 Next is our black pepper
 Black Pepper only 1/4 teaspoon
   salt. We will also put 1/4 teaspoon only
only a little bit
Here is our sugar
 we only put 1/4 cup sugar
when you mix it in and you feel like there's still no sweetness
then you can add more
 it's easy to add more
 because if it gets too much, we can't take it out
 now we will put in our mayonnaise
To make it even more delicious I think we'll add all of the mayonnaise
 mayonnaise is what really makes it flavorful
 and the combination with the sugar
Let's mix it
 it's so easy because after you mix it, it's done
 We can taste it already and put it in the fridge
even if it's in the fridge,
you 'll probably come back to it and eat it over and over and
the colors look like Christmas almost
 you can see orange, yellow, green
  it's really nice to make during Christmas because it's so easy
especially if you have an emergency and more people come,
you couldn't make this right away
in your cabinet, you probably already have macaroni
 you have carrots in your refrigerator,
You might have pineapple too
 we might have chicken and ham also
 you can already make this 
 and you don't have to add everything that you see on the screen
Even if there's no celery you can make this
do you want to make it to order or a business you can do this
 you can also put cheese in it
 if you cut the cheese up into cubes, you can put it in
 what kind of cheese is good here?
a good brand here is Magnolia or eden cheese
 cheese whiz (cheese spread)
 no, you can't cube cheese whiz.
 you can put it as a cream instead of mayo
 you are something else how can you even see it?
 There it is. our macaroni chicken salad is done.
This is the last mix
 there it is, let's taste it
Our carrots and celery have crunch to them
that's what taste good
that's why I didn't cook the carrots
 I have a tip for you
 put it in the fridge for one to two hours
 this is a really good to eat when it's cold
This might end up being half when you try it
 you will keep coming back to the fridge
that's how easy the macaroni chicken salad is
Now it's time for Apple to make fruit salad
 OK I'm going to put it in the fridge
What?
 The rasins
That's why I was wondering why there's no color
 what's happening?
 What's happening to you?
 Oh my God
 I was so excited to eat it. Sorry.
 It's OK because we're not going to cook it. We're just sprinkling.
 So be patient with your loving mother
It's up to you how much reasons you want to put.
 There's a little bit because Apple doesn't like a lot of it
 you can also put in more dried cranberries
 you can also do dried apricots
 they're a little bigger, but you can chop them up
another tip
there a alot of this in the Philippines you can put dried mangoes
 yes, you can put it is so good
 chop them up and sprinkle it
It's so good
You know, I did this on purpose
You're such a liar
You're already going to put in the fridge what do you mean on purpose?
 So I can teach you all the things that you could do with it
 mix it in again
Yes, it has color again
OK that's enough. Let's put the plastic wrap and put it in the fridge
 no, it's Apple's turn
 your outfit matches what you're cooking
 of course, it's almost Christmas and also my tribute to my sisters
And to all the LGBTQ plus
 are you ready here so quick and fast fruit salad
 there's nothing else to it but fruit salad
 this is the kind of food that you would buy with street vendors
all the ingredients are canned
If you walk down the fruit or fruit cocktail aisle,
all the ingredients are there
one can of Del Monte fruit cocktail
 what are you sponsored?
 No, there's no sponsor
One can with 850 grams
since I like tapioca, we bought tapioca,
but with colors since it's Christmas
We picked the green color
 two cans of sliced coconut meat
 who grinded at Apple
 there's no fresh available here
 I thought it was your husband
 He has no way to grind
these kinds of cans are the only one you can buy at grocery store
there's no fresh
We also have coconut jelly
I also got the red color because they only have that
That's green
 I also have a red, you crazy
Green, green and red
Yes
 two bottles because we love coconut jelly
whatever your favorite ingredient for fruit salad it's your choice
 if you like fruit cocktail, you can put two cans
 if you don't like palm fruit, then take out one bottle
But for us, I added the tapioca
because the traditional fruit salad doesn't have it
 yes, it doesn't right
 but since we really love tapioca, we added it
Palm fruit
 so here we have canned Palm fruit
it's the only thing I bought because it's the only thing available
what is kaong in english for people who are not Filipino watching
Kay-ong
 what the heck?
 I don't know
 I don't know it says attap fruit
 I don't know Apple the app
 comment down below....
 I know I know what it is palm palm, palm tree
 Palm fruit. Palm fruit
 comment down below and correct me if I'm wrong
 whatever I see in the pictures that's it
 we also have grass jelly because I like it
 It's delicious
for some reason when I was buying,
I accidentally got the pandan flavor
 so pandan, so let's put it
That's why it's all fruit salad because it's just mixing it all together
I only put one can of condensed milk
 but two cans of table cream
For anyone asking about coconut pandan
 I already made it before in my mom's vlog of pork sinigang video
 my brother is going to put the link somewhere in the video
 just take a look at it to know how
 similar steps but different concept
there's someone knocking. knock knock
They just really happy about hammering
 we still have two hours left to finish
 OK let's start
 so all the canned fruits we are going to drain it
as you can see, I have a set up of another mixing bowl and a strainer
 this is also easy you can just put it all in anddrain it together
What I remember is that making this it's different in the Philippines
if you're making fruit salad, you have to drain it completely before you mix it
Because they say it can spoil easily
 I think because we use fresh coconut
 and really hot weather
here in the US even if I don't drain it completely
so far I haven't had anything spoil
when you're making salad, the only thing that's spoiling is mom's saliva
 what the heck?
 Your saliva is spoiled too
hello, it's the same
 what did you say?
 I didn't say anything
 OK, let's drain it
Our coconut jelly
 are you going to do it all in one batch or
 yes, you can mix it all together, it's fine
no fancy stuff
because you're gonna have to wash many dishes if you separate it
 just put it all together
You don't have to cook anything
 it's such a really easy dessert
 so continuing draining it all
 our sliced coconut meat. put it in too
 be careful with the can it's sharp
 drain it carefully
 just mix it all together so the water falls
put it in the bowl
this is our main mixing bowl
 so these are for cocktail that we can drain
There's two kinds of fruit cocktail,
one regular and one that I got fiesta
because I really love the papaya
palm fruit
Comment what your favorite is
 others put in the syrup of the coconut jelly, but I remove it
 I only like the taste of cream in the fruit salad
put it in
 so I didn't put in the grass jelly yet
the purpose is because if you put it in, it might crumble
I really like when the Grass jelly is chunky
 at this point, let's put in our Nestlé cream
 or table cream
 I think this is the only brand of table cream there is
There's no Alaska brand
 I don't know
 I really don't know because he's the only traditional one used
 yes, the Nestlé
 if I was a kid, this is the brand we used
 it's up to you if you want more cream
You can add one more or one big one
It taste better when it's creamier
 this is what makes it delicious
 and the condensed milk
 condensed milk, some people put two cans
I remember when mom used to make this,
we buy the plastic you put iced candy in
you make it into an iced candy
It's so good
 yes, the coconut salad iced candy
put in the condensed milk
 is it so easy you can do it yourself
 let's say you have company Christmas Eve
 or the Noche Buena (Midnight Christmas dinner)
you can do this the day before
because you're can put it in the fridge
at this point, let's mix it all together
 I think it's so nice you can buy colored grass jelly now
 and also coconut jelly
 there's no red before there's only white and no other color
With grass jelly, some people like to make their own from scratch
 so if you want, you can do that
 look how pretty are fruit salad looks
if you don't want fruit cocktail, you can take it out if you want
You can just have coconut
 or just coconut jelly. whatever your favorite is
At this point, we mixed it all together very well
 now we can put in our grass jelly
 I also bought this dress jelly canned
 I just chopped them up in the size said I wanted
So that's the bigger size that I like
 because it'll crumble a little the more you mix it
 Look at the coconut meat, who would think that's from a can right
let's just mix it all together well
specially the condensed milk and cream
I also have a tip for you
 what the heck? me again?
I'm resting
before you serve this like the macaroni salad, mom made,
put it in the fridge for one to two hours before serving
and if you have time left, make iced candy
 that's also good
it's chilled, so let's check it out
 and let's serve it
 let's mix it a little bit
It has that already. The cream has changed a bit in color
 don't show my dead nail
 that has history
 what is the history?
she accidentally hammered it
 that's a whole vlog
That's Maalaala Mo Kaya (Filipino drama)
 the colors look so beautiful
 yes, it's so festive
 even if it's not Christmas any occasion you can make this
Whatever available colored fruits
Let's put in the serving spoon
It looks so delicious, right
 even if there's no occasion, you can still make this for packed lunch
can last up to seven days
 if you used fresh ingredients it last seven days
so your company can see all of the nice ones on top call  all the ingredients
  let's put another service spoon
 ready to serve
Mommies, macaroni, chicken, salad, and my  fruit salad
it's ready! let's serve
we're fake this is what we really do behind the scenes
 you're crazy
we should've just serve it directly. Nothing fancy.
 Aesthetics
 this is for real. See you at the Christmas tree.
Here's my fruit salad? Taste it
And I'll taste your macaroni, chicken salad
  can I have both?
 Later after you taste it
 mom first
 what's your verdict?
 She's only going to eat the coconut jelly watch
 delicious?
 It's delicious. Sweet and flavorful.
 There's chewy and there's soft.
So tasty
 Loreta's macaroni chicken salad
 oh no Ma
 does it taste like macaroni?
 Delicious
creamy because of the mayonnaise
Not a lot of mayonnaise is our preference
 the reason is a natural sweetness
 and there's a hint of the sugar
 find a crunch of the carrots and celery is good
 oh my God
 we cooked another successful dish
 what's the next mom?
 Like, subscribe
comment and subscribe
EEDJIOTS!
Take two
We had another successful cooking
 don't forget
Like, comment, and subscribe!
EEDJIOTS!
Give me some
me, me
traitor
