The dreaded tempo - how to deal with it effectively
Tampo.
Magtampo in full.
If you are in an Australian Filipina relationship,
you soon learn the meaning of tampo.
This is the great sulk.
Being in a huff.
It’s a source of confusion and misery to
many an unprepared Australian man.
 
 
What is a tampo?
I detest the Filipina tampo.
I really do.
Fortunately after many years of being a great
husband and teaching-by-example my Filipina
wife the benefit of free and open communication
it rarely rears its ugly head these days,
although I did just have to deal with a bad
outburst from one of our extended family over
the last few days so it’s not ancient history
to me.
I also live in the Philippines fulltime, so
it’s never that far away.
So what exactly is a tampo, to the uninitiated?
It’s a way of NOT dealing with a problem,
and of ensuring whatever the problem is?
That it will never go away!
It’s the human-interaction version of sweeping
dirt under the carpet.
The dirt remains, and the lump in the carpet
gets larger and people trip over it.
It’s not the Filipino way to deal with problems
and issues directly.
It’s not usual for someone to react to something
they don’t like, and less likely they will
speak up and say “Hey, I don’t like that!
Please stop doing it!
It makes me feel bad, so please stop!”
This is in fact the negative side to those
perpetual Filipina smiles.
Yes, definitely, Filipinos are generally happy
and easy-going and pretty tolerant of imperfections
and faults in others.
However they are also human beings, and no
one is that happy all the time.
Please read my previous article on “onion
skin” (being thin-skinned), which is a Filipino
characteristic.
And fellahs?
Be aware of that certain special time of the
month where skins are extra-thin and tempers
may be on-edge because of hormones.
Often a time to be especially careful not
to push boundaries and to watch your tongue.
So what happens is the pressure of un-fixed
problems builds up, and it leads to an explosion.
However it’s not a practical explosion.
If it was an explosion of “Hey!
You keep making fun of me in front of the
neighbours, and it hurts my feelings.
I want you to stop!”
then it might even help!
It might make that person see what they’re
doing, and maybe things will get better.
But that’s not how a tampo works.
It’s never so practical and helpful.
Tampo is characterized by appallingly bad
communication.
The Filipina having the tampo does some or
all of these things:
• Won’t talk
• Definitely won’t tell you what the problem
is, as you should already know.
May utter a few unhelpful phrases.
• Resists all attempts to fix the problem
• Will appear perfectly normal to others
if answering the phone or greeting someone
at the door, but will soon return to tampo
when dealing with you
• May run off somewhere, possibly for several
days
• Bang cupboard doors and slam things around
• May do a great deal of cleaning, or may
retreat to bedroom, sometimes for days
This will remain until she gets over it.
May apologise, or may not.
Definitely will not discuss it, and attempts
to say “Let’s talk about it” may trigger
a recurrence.
 
How to deal with a tampo
How do you deal with a tampo when it happens?
To be honest?
Not a whole lot you can do when she’s in
mid-tampo.
At this point all logic is switched off, and
if you push too hard you will probably make
it worse.
She may storm off in the middle of the night
and put herself in danger.
Dragging suitcases down the road and attempting
to walk to the airport to fly back to the
Philippines at 2:00am in the middle of winter?
These things have happened!
You may also end up both saying things that
become hard to take back later.
Think carefully before you attempt a proactive
intervention at this point!
Most of the time, you will need to weather
the storm and try not to make it worse!
Not saying to ignore it.
Just saying to delay until a more effective
time.
 
Should you do malambing?
Malambing…..or lambing…..basically means
“sucking up”.
Being extraordinarily sweet and attentive.
This is the usual advice given, and many a
Filipina expects this.
My belief?
NEVER do this!
NEVER “suck up”, and NEVER apologise for
something you don’t even understand.
This is just reinforcing and in fact rewarding
some very negative and destructive behavior.
Tampo is not the behavior of an adult who
is committed to her marriage.
It’s spoilt-child behavior, and shouldn’t
be tolerated let alone rewarded.
And unless you did something where you really
should have known better about, ie.
unless you cheated on her or acted like a
complete pig, then you deserved for this to
have been handled in a mature way…..not
this way!
So yes, thinking about it, if she’s having
tampo because you did something bad, then
sure.
Do all the malambing you can.
And more importantly, apologise sincerely
and try not to do it again.
But not because you failed your mind-reading
class at school!
 
But otherwise, what should you actually do?
You should talk about this when she’s calmed
down and a few days have passed.
• You should let her know that you are sorry
she felt that way, but confirm that you had
no idea that anything that you or anybody
did was causing her hurt.
And that had she simply explained it to you
when it happened the first or the second time,
you would have stopped it or done what was
in your power to stop it.
• And help her to understand that while
that may have been her way before, that this
is no way for a committed married couple to
behave.
Either the tampos stop, or the marriage is
basically doomed.
They are cruel, hurtful and very destructive.
• You should encourage her to tell you what
she thinks and feels about things on a daily
basis.
If she say “No, really I’m fine” then
you should push a bit harder.
Let her know that you want to know because
you care about her.
Let her see that telling you is actually easy,
and that it leads to positive outcomes, ie.
that nice feeling that comes from realizing
someone actually gets you, plus seeing some
problems and concerns actually get fixed.
• Make sure you do the same thing.
Tell her your feelings too.
The good AND the bad.
 
Make the time to talk at the end of the day,
and develop some positive habits.
And hopefully problems will get nipped in
the bud rather than building up and being
a source of misery.
And work hard to make this a thing of the
past, or you may well see the love slip away.
