- I can't, what?
- I can't hear you.
- What?
- I can't hear you.
Who knew Ms. Piggy tasted this good?
- Oh, my God. 
I'm Lawrence Weibman, and on this week's episode of The Explorers,
we're here in the East Village
at a Filipino restaurant called Maharlika.
Where they're serving up one of the most exciting 
pork dishes you've never heard of --
it's called sizzling sisig a.k.a pig face hash.
Filipino food is a fusion of Spanish, Malaysian, and Chinese culture.
It’s Asian soul food 
and Maharlika’s sisig takes it to the next level!
That’s because it’s like paella, fried rice,
and pork hash all in one skillet.
Filipinos are some of the world’s most resourceful food lovers.
Give them any ingredient, and they’ll transform it into a masterpiece.
That’s how leftover pig parts became
the stars of the Philippines’ most famous dish.
We're here in the kitchen at Maharlika now
with the Chef Miguel Trinidad.
We're about to make a crazy dish -- sizzling sisig. 
What is this dish?
Why does everyone love it so much?
- This is a Kapampangan dish, so it was created in the town of Pampanga.
It was just a combination of pig parts, lesser parts,
that they chopped up and seasoned
and started offering it to the locals
and to the military when they were out there.
- The US was there; they were buying pigs.
The head was leftover, 
and the people of the Philippines said, "Let's make something out of this."
- And it really took off. 
- Sisig starts with pig ear, snout, and belly
receiving a 4-hour braise until tender. 
The pork belly is then sliced and diced before a trip to the deep fryer
while the ear and the snout crisp up on the grill.
Back at the stove, chicken liver and garlic join the party
to add a subtle richness and sweetness
quickly balanced by spicy bird’s eye chilies,
vinegar, and calamansi,
a small citrus fruit that’s a cross between lime and a Mandarin orange. 
It all comes together in a sizzling cast iron skillet;
where it’s topped with an egg yolk, crispy sweet red onion,
and garlic chives.
But the real magic happens at the table.
This egg yolk that's hiding under these onions and garlic chives here 
needs to be cracked and mixed into
so that beautiful, creamy yolk is coating every little bit of crispy, fatty pork.
It's a cross-cultural dish all in one little pot. 
Wow, that is a true trip right there.
You've got the snout, you've got the belly, you've got the ear, 
but you'd never know that’s what you're eating if someone didn't tell you.
This is kind of like soul food at its finest. 
It's pretty much everything anyone could ever want
almost at any time of the day,
and when you're hungover,
this is going to make you feel like life is worth living again.
