Welcome back, everyone!
Another day, another scary urban legends video
- today I'm doing a highly requested country
that a lot of you guys have asked for - the
Philippines.
Located in South East Asia - this country
is made up of over 7 and a half thousand islands
- many of which have their own unique cultures,
traditions and of course - very scary stories.
My name is Danny Burke and this is the Top
10 Scary Filipino Urban Legends.
Starting off at number 10 now we have The
Snake Man.
For many years now, there has been a story
going round in Manila of a half snake half
human hybrid that stalks a local mall.
The mall belongs to Robinsons Malls which
is owned by Robina Gokongwei - Pe.
People say she had a set of twins - one of
them was born normal, the other came out as
a half snake half human with an insatiable
appetite for human flesh.
Robina panicked about what she would do with
this creature that was still her child so
- she came up with a plan.
She is said to have opened up the shopping
mall so that she could hide her son in the
basements and tunnels below.
According to the stories, as shoppers tried
clothes on inside the dressing rooms, they
would be swallowed by remote-controlled floors
where the Snake Man would be waiting below
to devour them.
In 2015, a video emerged online claiming to
show the Snake Mans body - it appears to be
dead.
The video remains unverified though and this
strange urban legend continues …
Next up at number 9, we have The Elevator.
There are variations of this urban legend
all over the Philippines but they often follow
the same pattern.
A doctor in a hospital walks into an elevator
with another patient inside.
As they face the doors, they see a small boy
running down the hallway towards the elevator
- his eyes wide and pale.
They quickly press the close door button and
the boy is shut out just as he gets to the
elevator.
As the elevator makes its journey down to
the basement - the patient turns to Doctor
and says -why did you do that?
The little boy wanted to get on and you stopped
him- … the Doctor took shook their head
slowly and says -I wanted to, but he had a
red wristband on.
We only put those on people that have died-
… the patient looked down for a moment in
silence, and there raised their own arm up
to the doctor, smiled and said -just like
my one!-
At number 8 now we have Mount Banahaw.
This a well known and sacred mountain in the
Philippines - but with all the respect it
receives, it also has its fair share of scary
stories.
Perhaps the most famous ones involve the disappearing
hikers.
Locals say they go up the mountain and never
return - no trace of them is ever found.
They say that this is a landing site for alien
spaceships and those aliens have been abducting
the hikers for years.
These visitations have been witnessed by hundreds
of people including a TV crew who filmed it.
One story involved some hikers spending the
night on the sloped of the mountain.
One of them woke up and decided to sleep outside
of the tent as it would be more comfortable.
Then, there was a blinding light and the hiker
woke up - it was the next morning - and they
were on top of an entirely different mountain.
They eventually reunited with the other hikers
and said they had no explanation for how they
ended up so far away - except that they had
been abducted by aliens.
Next up at number 7, we have The My Way Killings.
In the early 2000s - a fear gripped people
across The Philippines - a particular song
seemed to be killing people - My Way by Frank
Sinatra.
It was a popular Karaoke choice at the time
but became infamous for a number of deaths
related to it.
In 2007 for example, a 29-year-old man singing
at a bar in San Mateo, Rizal, was shot dead
as he sang the song at karaoke by the bars
security guard.
Why?
Because the guard thought the man's rendition
was out of tune and when the victim refused
to stop singing, the guard pulled out his
pistol and shot him dead.
This became a fairly common story with at
least 10 documented cases between 2002 and
2012.
People began to associate singing the song
with being killed.
In 2007, the song was taken off karaoke machines
in many bars in Manilla.
Even people who were skeptical before will
choose to avoid this song for fear of invoking
the curse …
Next up at number 6, we have The Headless
Priest.
This legend goes back hundreds of years - kept
alive by just how grisly and gruesome it is.
During the Filipino revolution and World War
2 - many Filipino priests were beheaded by
soldiers.
As many of you are probably aware - a common
theme with ghosts is that they cannot rest
until they have found the peace which they
could not in life.
For these headless priests - that peace can
only be found when they are reunited with
their head.
Many people claim to have seen their ghosts
prowling graveyards at night, searching for
their heads - or perhaps even more scarily,
carrying them under their arms - looking for
a way to reattach them.
They cannot speak but they will still approach
you if they see you, in the hopes that you
can reattach their head and send them to the
afterlife.
Moving on to number 5 now we have The Devils
Mountain.
We talked about Mount Banahaw earlier - if
that's a good and sacred mountain, then this
might be the polar opposite.
Its name is Mount Cristobal and it has gathered
a reputation for being the home of many evil
creatures - perhaps even the devil himself.
There have been a number of cases of hikers
going missing along the dark and dense trails
- officials put it down to their poor choices
or inexperience but many locals disagree.
They say that supernatural beings have been
attacking people when as they try to climb
the mountain.
Naturally, this puts a lot of people off but
some relish the idea.
It's a common belief that if you can get through
the dense forest and fight off the supernatural
creatures - you can reach the top and challenge
the devil himself.
For most people though, simply feeling the
ominous presence as they approach the mountain
is more than enough for them …
Next up at number 4 now we have The Bloody
Bridge.
The San Juanico Bridge is an aid to be the
longest bridge in the Philippines - but for
many people in the area, that's not why it's
well known.
It connects the sister islands of Samar and
Leyte.
It was built as a gift from Ferdinand Marcos,
former President of the Philippines, to housewife
Imelda who was a native of Leyte.
He left her in charge of the building.
During its construction, locals began to notice
a number of children were disappearing from
both Samar and Leyte.
Then, when the bridge was complete, the children
stopped vanishing.
How were the two connected?
Well, this is the gruesome part.
Some say the foundations of the bridge were
made stronger by mixing in the blood of babies
and street children using an ancient ritual
used to strengthen structures.
Some even say the bodies of the children were
added to the cement mixer by construction
workers while preparing the cement.
Amazingly - there are even more gory versions
of the story out there - the only thing they
have in common is that this bridge might not
have been made in the normal way …
Moving on to number 3 now we have The Romblon
Triangle.
You may have heard of the Bermuda Triangle
before - well this is the Filipino equivalent.
Over the years, this area has seen many ships
disappear under mysterious circumstances - if
they manage to not disappear, many ships have
gone down in tragic circumstances.
Since 1980, a number of passenger ships have
sunk, some of which with thousands of passengers
on board.
Then there is the legend of the ghost ship
- the ship was owned by Lolo Amang in life
and now haunts the waters.
It is said to be made up of gold and glimmers
in the night.
On April 22nd, 1980, the Don Juan passenger
ship crashed into an oil tanker with 1,000
people on board - it quickly sank.
Survivors said that just before the crash,
they saw the ghost ship approaching them - there
seemed to be some sort of party on board as
it glimmered in the night.
The captain of the Don Juan tried to swerve
out of the way to avoid the ghost ship and
ended up crashing into the oil tanker which
ultimately sank them.
Officials say the strange occurrences are
nothing more than bad weather or luck - but
locals say that far too many stories have
come from the triangle for it to be bad weather
…
Next up at number 2, we have The White Lady
of Balete Drive.
This one comes from Quezon City where locals
believe one street is haunted above all others
- all thanks to the White Lady.
She is said to be a harbinger of death, a
revenge ghost that wants the living to feel
the fear and terror she felt before she died.
She has been seen since the 1950s - appearing
then vanishing along the road, even materializing
inside peoples cars as they drive.
The stories tend to go the same way - a driver
will be going down the road when they see
a beautiful woman standing by the side, looking
for a lift.
They pick her up but after a while, of talking
they look in their rearview mirror to see
her face is twisted, torn, bruised and oozing
with blood.
Locals have learned to not pick up hitchhikers
on that road and to certainly never look in
the rearview mirror.
Several taxi drivers have been said to crash
in the area from the shock of seeing the White
Lady - many say this is what she wants, to
cause the pain and suffering which led to
her own death on that dark and creepy road
…
And finally, at number 1 we have Maria Labo.
This is the name of a famous woman in some
parts of the Philippines - they say she was
a vampire.
In life, she was a caring mother and wife
who wanted to give the best life to her family.
One day, she signed up as an Overseas Filipino
Worker and moved to Canada to care for sick
people.
One of the patients was dying from an unknown
disease.
Later on, before his dying breath, the patient
learned in and but Maria, passing on his vampiric
powers to her.
She accepted the power without knowing the
price she would have to pay.
Maria returned to the Philippines where her
hunger for human blood began to grow.
She could contain it no longer and eventually
killed and cooked her own two sons.
After that, she became an Aswang, Philippine
folklore creatures that feast on humans.
Her husband returned home to find what she
had done and flew into a rage.
He attacked her and slashed her face with
a bolo knife.
She managed to escape though and now locals
say that if you ever see her lurking in the
shadows - you'll know it's her from the huge
scar across her face - then, it's up to you
to start running …
Nothing like a nice grey one to end on - but
shall we continue?
I was surprised at just how many good Filipino
urban legends there were, I definitely have
enough for a part 2 but of course - the choice
is yours.
Leave your suggestions for our next urban
legends video in the comments section.
If you don't have any suggestions then leave
a comment anyway and we may include it a future
video - I hope you enjoyed this video - thanks
for watching, my name is Danny Burke and Ill
see you all in the next one!
