We came back from Alabang using the local bus, and we reached quickly this time, it's very hot weather here
and it's very crowded in Manila, we are going to BGC, we have reached BGC first we will go to SM Aura Mall
On a weekday, Manila is very crowded like this
Would you believe this garden on the floor of this shopping mall? have you ever seen such a place?
it's exactly like a beautiful garden on the ground,
but this is on 4th floor of Aura Mall in Manila, there are restaurants and cafes over here. let's explore it.
I will show you the rest of the attractions here
Wow, it looks amazing from here, unbelievable!
You can see the city view from this roof top
On top of the mall, there is a beautiful garden and down there is the city view, what a combination!
There are so many shopping malls in Manila, wherever you go, you will find shopping malls
And then, there is Christmas season as well, so you will see Christmas trees with decorations here in the malls
While walking, I reached this fruit market, there was shopping mall and then suddenly this fruit Market.
Manila is very crowded, before coming to Manila, I thought, Pakistani cities were more crowded
but after coming to Manila, I found it's more crowded than Pakistan.
Another thing is laziness, I became lazy in Manila
I thought, that's only my problem, but after meeting this guy, he has the same problem of laziness
I have also become very lazy here, I take my breakfast in the afternoon here.
Laziness doesn't allow me to come from my Hotel in Makati area of Manila
After staying for one week in Manila, I can tell you one possible reason, and that's the traffic Jam in Manila
it's not easy to go from one place to another during the weekdays, because of traffic jam and rush
That can be one of the reasons for this laziness in the capital of the Philippines.
Now, this is called "Bonifacio Global City" BGC which is very near to Makati area in Manila
This area looks like New York or USA when you look at these towers and buildings and infrastructure here
Some people told me this is like Mini America, and after coming here, really, I can say exactly the same about this place
Finally, we have reached "Bonifacio High Street" the main place in Global City with top brands and shopping malls
This place is famous for the high class and elites of Manila in the Philippines
If you look back at my today's journey in Manila, I explored the most poorest areas of Manila as well as the richest neighborhood of Manila in the Philippines
because if you look at this area (BGC), it is really comparable to any developed city in the world
We are having the ICE TEA "MILK TEA" in BGC
This tea is the best thing to have in Manila, I love it.
We have bought it here in the mall for 95 Peso, it has many flavors, see the rush of people here
viewers, it was again a very hectic day in Manila, I waited for two hours in BGC to find a Grab taxi but I could not.
then I came to Makati by walking
so it was basically an adventure within the city
Now, I will go to Palawan in Philippines, I have my flight to Palawan tomorrow.
I hope, you liked this video, if you did then give it a thumb and subscribe to this channel.
