What's up guys in this recipe we're
going to show you how to make achara!
Atchara is a pickled Filipino side dish
made up of unripened green papaya and is
usually eaten with some type of Filipino
fried or grilled food. To make our
family's version of the Atchara you'll
first need half an unripened green
papaya. Start by scooping out all the
seeds in the papaya with a spoon. The
seeds have a tendency to fly and bounce
around so just do your best to keep it
all contained. And then just scrape off
any extra unwanted membrane. Next peel
off all the skin with a peeler. When
you're done it's time to shred your
papaya. To shred your papaya you'll want
to use the side with the smallest
cutouts. Make sure you have a firm grip.
Then get shreddin! For things like this
we highly recommend using a cut proof
glove just so you don't accidentally cut
yourself during the process. If you're
looking to get one we'll have a link for
one in the description. Afterwards you'll
want to extract the liquid from your
papaya. To do this just take a handful of
shredded papaya and using both hands
squeeze out as much liquid as you can.
Doing this is going to help it absorb
more of the vinegar mixture later on.
Continue doing this until you've gone
through all of your papaya. Once you're
done just set it aside. Next up you'll
want to prepare your onions in a food
chopper. Throw in a cups worth of diced
onions into your food chopper.
And then gradually pulse the chop
button.
What you're looking for is somewhat of a
chunky mushy texture to your onions but not
necessarily a puree. When it looks like
this it's good to go. At this point you
have to prep just a few more vegetables.
First up is your carrot. Start by
peeling the outer skin of a washed large
carrot. And then cut off the top. Next cut
off about an eighth to a tenth of the
carrot. Afterwards cut your carrot into
about 1/8 inch thick slices. Take each of
those circles and cut them into little
strips. And then cut those strips into
tiny cubes. By the end you'll want
roughly 1/4 cups worth. Next is your red
bell pepper. First remove the stem. Cut it
in half. And remove the seeds. We're only
using about 1/3 to 1/4 of this piece but
it's really up to you. If there's any
white membrane just cut it off and
discard it. Now cut your red bell pepper
into little strips. And then cut up your
strips into tiny cubes similar to how we
cut up the carrots. By the time you're
done you want about 1/4 of a cup. Now
it's time to prep your ginger. Take a
piece of ginger and peel the skin off of
a sizable chunk. And cut that chunk off
of the rest of the ginger. Next you'll
want to cut it up similar to how you cut
up your carrots and red bell peppers
except this time after you're cutting
them into tiny cubes continue to mince
it. At this point take a piece of
cheesecloth and place your minced ginger
in the center of it. Then pull up the
edges and corners of the cheesecloth and
give it a couple twists. Now just squeeze
out all the juice out of the ginger into
a bowl.
You'll want roughly half to 3/4 of a
teaspoon of ginger juice. The last thing
we like to do is prepare about 1/4 of a
cup of pineapple chunks. You can cut them
up however you like but we like to cut
each chunk into 3 slices. And then cut
each of those slices into 3 smaller
strips.
Once you're done you can finally combine
all the ingredients together. In a large
mixing bowl add in your onions from
earlier, your pineapple, red bell peppers
carrots, and ginger juice. Then follow it
up with 1/4 of a cup of raisins, 1/2 a
cup of sugar, 1/2 a cup of vinegar, 1/2 a
cup of water and one and a half
tablespoons of pineapple juice. Now all
you want to do is thoroughly mix
everything together. After everything is
fully incorporated add in the liquid
mixture to your papaya.
We recommend spooning in and mixing the
liquid mixture so that you have more
control over how wet or dry your Atchara
is. Ours ended up measuring out to be the
perfect amount so we just poured
everything into the shredded papaya. When
you're done mixing your Atchara
we recommend allowing it to chill in the
fridge for at least a day before you eat
it.
If you want to extend the shelf life you
also have the option of canning it. It's
talagang tasty!
