China is dumping near the Philippines.
Protests in Cuba are freaking out the Chinese
Communist Party
And the US issues a warning to companies in
Hong Kong.
That and more on this week’s China news
headlines.
Welcome to China Uncensored, I’m Chris Chappell.
This episode is sponsored by Surfshark.
You should be using a VPN like Surfshark to
protect yourself whenever you go online.
So, China is involved in territorial disputes
with all its neighbors in the South China
Sea.
Particularly the Philippines.
But to show who’s number 1, China is taking
a number 2.
That’s right, Chinese ships are dumping
human waste in disputed territorial waters.
That’s according to Simularity, , an AI-based
satellite image analysis firm.
Satellite images captured hundreds of Chinese
ships off the Spratly Islands—which are
near the Philippines.
And those Chinese ships left behind, uhh,
refuse.
Yes, Chinese ships have dumped so much poop
in the South China Sea, you can see it from
space.
Over 200 Chinese ships were spotted here in
a single day.
But Simularity found over the past 5 years,
the untreated sewage from all these Chinese
ships has caused “algae blooms that have
damaged coral reefs and threatened fish in
an unfolding catastrophe”.
According to Liz Derr , the head of Simularity,
“When the ships don’t move, the poop piles
up.
The hundreds of ships that are anchored in
the Spratlys are dumping raw sewage onto the
reefs they are occupying.”
These ships are likely part of China’s maritime
militia.
Technically civilian ships, but in practice,
an extension of the People’s Liberation
Army.
Clearly waging war by other means.
The Philippines has launched a...probe...into
China’s sewage-dumping.
I feel pretty bad for anyone on the investigation
team.
Again, “It is so intense you can see it
from space.”
I guess you could say China is literally dumping
on other countries’ territorial claims.
Speaking of territorial disputes, 5 years
ago, a ruling by an international tribunal
in the Hague rejected China’s claims in
the South China Sea.
Which of course Beijing has completely ignored
and the international community has done nothing
about.
But for the five year anniversary, US Secretary
of State Antony Blinken is, well doing more
of the same nothing.
He said in a statement, “We call on the
PRC to abide by its obligations under international
law, cease its provocative behavior, and take
steps to reassure the international community
that it is committed to the rules-based maritime
order that respects the rights of all countries,
big and small.”
Yeah, that’ll show ‘em!
That’s basically been the driving force
of the Biden Administration’s China policy—get
the Chinese Communist Party to play by the
international rules.
But the Party has never done that.
The Party will never do that.
But maybe if Canada calls for it too, then
the Party will cave!
Well it was a nice ocean while we had it.
A Chinese spy ship appears to be positioning
itself to spy on US-Australian war games.
The war games are called Exercise Talisman
Saber.
It’s the largest bilateral military training
exercise between the US and Australia.
It happens every two years.
Australia’s Defence Minister doesn’t seem
too worried about the Chinese Spy ship, since
there’s always a Chinese spy ship.
He told ABC, “The presence of similar vessels
did not detract from Talisman Sabre 2017 or
Talisman Sabre 2019, and we are confident
that it will not impede this year.”
But I got to say, I actually don’t blame
China for spying this time.
I also want to know how Australia trained
all those kangaroos to sail a ship.
And after the break, China responds to the
massive protests in Cuba.
Welcome back.
Cuba has erupted in protests of the Cuban
Communist Party’s authoritarian rule.
And the regimes of Russia, China, and Iran
are warning the US not to intervene.
I mean, it would be tragic to lose another
country to freedom.
China is, of course, one of Cuba’s biggest
allies.
US Senator Marco Rubio, a Cuban American,
accused China of building Cuba’s internet
censorship system.
Which couldn’t have been too hard to do
considering people were only legally allowed
to have internet at home starting in 2019.
That’s right, the Cuban Communist Party
didn’t let its citizens have private WiFi
networks until 2019.
And even today, the internet is censored and
you have to get a permit.
And it’s all because of...US sanctions of
course.
Yes, the Cuban government is saying all the
problems people are protesting are a result
of US sanctions.
Definitely not, “the country’s Soviet-style,
centrally planned economy and its hesitation
to adopt market-oriented reforms”.
Or the way the Cuban regime arrests, beats,
and kills protesters.
No, you see, when the Cuban protesters shout
“down with communism”, what they actually
mean is “down with the US.”
My favorite Chinese state-run media, the Global
Times , said “These actions of social violence
are part of the unconventional war scheme
that US governments have been applying against
Cuba to provoke the long-awaited ‘regime
change.’”
Again, the Communist Party has done nothing
wrong.
I feel like that’s a message the Global
Times is mainly trying to get Chinese people
to listen to.
So they don’t get any ideas.
The US has blacklisted 23 more Chinese companies
over abuses in Xinjiang
“Of the 23 companies added to the blacklist,
the Commerce Department accused 14 of direct
involvement in human rights abuses in Xinjiang,
five of ‘directly supporting’ the Chinese
military’s ‘modernization programs,’
and four of violating previous US sanctions
by doing business with blacklisted companies.”
I’m happy to say this is one tradition the
Biden Administration has carried over from
the previous administration.
China has of course said it will retaliate.
No details were given.
Because of course, there’s nothing the Chinese
Communist Party can do about it.
China can’t sanction the US.
Well, it has sanctioned US officials.
But that was pretty meaningless.
It’s not like Mike Pompeo has a lot of assets
in Chinese banks.
Speaking of ganging up on the Chinese Communist
Party, 21 countries have formed
the “Media Freedom Coalition” and are
specifically criticizing the Hong Kong government
for shutting down the pro democracy newspaper
Apple Daily.
Apple Daily was forced to shut down after
the Hong Kong government froze its assets
and arrested a bunch of people.
You know, normal stuff.
Hong Kong authorities have also arrested 5
more people in an alleged bomb plot.
Last week they arrested 9.
Police accused them of “planning to manufacture
and plant explosives around the city, including
in courts, cross-harbor tunnels and trash
cans.”
There’s definitely no way the Hong Kong
government would be using alleged terrorism
as an excuse to crush individual civil liberties
in the city.
No regime has ever done something like that.
China is also slamming the sinister US, for
several reasons, including Hong Kong.
“The Chinese Foreign Ministry denounced
a planned White House warning to American
businesses in Hong Kong.”
He said, “The US side has confounded black
and white by smearing the National Security
Law for [Hong Kong] and Hong Kong’s business
environment in a bid to mislead American and
other international enterprises in Hong Kong.”
Yeah, just because American businesses in
Hong Kong will be completely at the mercy
of the Chinese Communist Party, that’s no
reason to warn them about it.
They might get scared and leave.
But China is also concerned about a Digital
Trade Deal the US is pushing with countries
in the Indo Pacific.
Imagine if those countries had alternatives
to working with the Chinese Communist Party.
As China Daily says, “These deals invariably
serve the US’ bid to defend its hegemony.”
“To the signatory countries, these US-dominated
agreements are more like shackles restricting
trade and their freedom of cooperation.”
Yeah, no country has the right to put shackles
on anyone or restrict their freedom.
Except China.
And this episode is sponsored by Surfshark.
When you go online, you need to be using a
VPN like Surfshark to protect your identity.
Everything you do online is being tracked
and logged—by the websites you visit and
your internet service provider.
And in many cases, by the government.
And if you’re in an authoritarian country—like
China or Cuba, or really most countries—you
should take this seriously.
Even innocent things you do online can be
tracked, and put you at risk of surveillance
and even arrest.
So I recommend you use Surfshark to protect
yourself online.
When you use Surfshark’s CleanWeb mode,
you’ll be protected from trackers, plus
a lot of ads and malware.
With one account, you can connect as many
devices as you want.
Try it out with a 30-day money-back guarantee.
And Surfshark has a special discount for China
Uncensored fans.
Go to surfshark.com/uncensored and use the
code UNCENSORED to get our special deal that
includes 3 extra months for FREE.
Click the link below.
Once again, I’m Chris Chappell.
See you next time.
