We've got to El Nido, the weather is terrible but...
we've got beer and that's all that matters.
I didn't go that slow.
I can't even get hold of your phone it's so big.
Right, be serious now then
Right, let's do a cheers.
No do a better one than that
That was a good cheers!
No it wasn't you pulled a weird face.
It was like cheers!
Right, 3,2,1.
Day 2 in El Nido, the weather is better,
it's not raining which is good.
It was really blue skies this morning which is
really nice, we sat out on the beach
just had a cup of tea and took in the
amazing views of like the rocks right by
the beach and then it went overcast and cloudy so we just kind of had some breakfast somewhere
I've been trying to get in touch with my
grandparents, they don't really use
whatsapp and so I thought I had a good
idea with writing them a postcard
although it's one way because we're
constantly moving they can't reply
at least I can kind of update them on what
I'm doing so yeah so I bought some
postcards wrote them out, googled a post office
they have a local post office here in El
Nido I thought good idea
so walked to the post office and this
was the sign on the door
Yeah so five days, they're gonna re-open
in five days when they have stamps.
A local person on the street told me to go
to Puerto Princesa if I wanted to get my
stuff posted which is where we've just
come from which is a five hour drive
away so I don't think I'm gonna be doing
that I'll just hold on to them for a
while and see when I can post them it's
not that big deal.
Obviously a little town like this runs on a different kind of
time to everywhere else so yeah it's
a more of a laid-back vibe and people shrug
their shoulders so that's something that
you just have to get used to
Happy Halloween!
Happy Halloween.
Happy Halloween!
We're on our way to do a tour
The weather's been okay in the mornings here now so hopefully we get to get some nice
shots and see some beautiful lagoons and
beaches whilst the weather is still nice
So we've chosen to do Tour A, there's
kind of like four tours ABCD in El Nido.
Tour A is probably the most popular, you
get to go see the Big Lagoon or the Small Lagoon, hidden beach and Shimzu island, I think.
And then like, another, Seven Commandos beach, I think, so it's a
mixture of lagoons and beaches
they look absolutely stunning, so yeah
we're really excited. I've got my, I bought a
ocean pack or a dry bag and so
hopefully we can fly the drone.
The secret Lagoon - the secret beach I think you have to swim through under a cave to get there
so yeah you need waterproofs.
All the tour groups and kayaks have left and
we've got the Big Lagoon to ourselves.
So blue.
And the last part of the tour is the secret lagoon
I'm not in!
Are you in?
No
Sorry
Now I am
The last part of the tour is the secret lagoon but it's quite busy at the minute so
we just decided to lay on the beach for a
bit without anybody else next to us.
This is our view.
of my forehead
Face this way.
We look sunburnt.
We are leaving tomorrow so we're trying
to get as many things not wet as
possible and walking through a river in
shoes is just not going to work.
So we've taken our trainers off
and we are walking barefoot in a water on the main street.
It's all fun, it's all good.
How is walking barefoot?
Fun!
How is being a human condom?
Even more fun.
Oh it's Tramlines, big up Sheffield!
Woop woop!
