Here we go
Hi everyone! Welcome back to my channel
Okay
As you saw
This has been my most requested reaction
In the whole four years that I have been on YouTube
So, I have an explanation, okay? I have an excuse
The reason it has taken me so long to react to this particular video, this particular artist
When I'm actually reacting to videos, right..
I want my reaction to be genuine
And I want it to be enjoyable for the viewers
I have to be like, in the right frame of mind
and in the right mood
I personally have to be excited about the video as well
And it's taken me so long to react to this because
I haven't been in that right frame of mind
And obviously I want the video to be enjoyable and genuine
for the viewers
I didn't want to post something, and just kind of get it out of the way
So that's why this has taken me so long
I want to genuinely apologise for all the people who have requested it
I got a lot more requests than what you just saw on the screen
But I didn't really have time to put all of them in the video
But
If you have requested this, I want to thank you so so much!
I really do appreciate it
I appreciate that you enjoy my reactions, and that you watch them
I reacted to 4TH IMPACT singing this song
I will link that, somewhere in the video at some point
If you want to watch that
This video in particular
MARCELITO POMOY
He is from the Phillipines
And he did a cover of THE PRAYER from Celine Dion and Andrea Bocelli
I don't know if I said that right
I'm Italian, I should know!
I'm going to react to the one that's on WISH 107.5, on their Bus
Or what ever it is, I think it is their bus, I'm not entirely sure
I'm genuinely very excited
I really hope you enjoy this
Again, I'm really sorry that it's taken me so long
But I do appreciate everyone wanting to see this
So without further adieu
I'm going to be reacting to THE PRAYER cover by MARCELITO POMOY
So I really hope you enjoy this, I'm sure I will
Let's get to it!
Okay I'm scared
If he's got the lyrics..amazing, same
Oh my-I was not expecting that
Oh that's beautiful
That vibrato
Oooh
Oh my-I'm getting shivers
Ooh
Oh my god
Oh my gosh his falsetto is beautiful
Yeah I was not expecting it to be this high
Ooh yes
Ooh
Nice
AAHH
Oh my gosh
Oh my god I'm sweating
Oh my gosh his range
Holy cra-
Oh my gosh, I can't! No
Oh my goodness, I don't know what to say
No, no
I love that he's singing both parts
So he's speaking Italian, this is the Italian part
Very impressive. I can't even sing in Italian
Oh I'm so tense right now
Oh my god
AAH
OH MY GOD!
Wow you really need to have good lungs for this
I have goosebumps everywhere right now
Oh my goodness
My hands are so sweaty, I like, I can't...touch anything
Yes
AAH
I love when he does that
Oh there's a bug, oh god
Oh my god
Oh! Oh gosh is he okay?
I'm speechless!
Wow
Yeah
I don't even know what to say
Oh my godoness
I was not expecting him to change keys (octaves*)
Singing for the different voices
I was very, very impressed the the could hit those high notes
Wow! Oh my god that was so cool
That was brilliant
I literally had goosebumps all over me
I was sweating
Oh my gosh
Marcelito Pomoy is very, very talented. I can say that
Yeah okay that was definitely not what I was expecting, but I am thoroughly impressed
As I said, I am Italian. I can't even sing in Italian, I don't know Italian, I can't sing in Italian
Very, very impressed that he has memorised the lyrics
His lungs must be so big to be able to breathe
And switch between the voices, that quickly, and that accurately
I saw that he was on, I think it was America's Got Talent..I think I saw
Really good
I want to thank every one who requested for me to react to that
That was brilliant, that really like made my day
I really hope you enjoyed this video
Thank you so much for watching
I'm going to be reacting to a few KPOP music videos as well
Every week, so if you're interested in those they'll be linked
But again, thank you so much for watching this
Thanks for requesting it
Go follow me on all my social media if you want to, don't have to. Links will be down below
As I said earlier I reacted to 4TH IMPACT singing the same song
so I'll link that somewhere in the video if you want to go watch that
But that's where this all started, so thank you 4TH IMPACT
Okay, I'm gonna go and just..process that real quick
Byeeee!
I like-I liked at the end he was like..
Oh my god
Same
