I don't know exactly where I am right now, but I just kinda got in a taxi and came here...
Oh wow this looks good
If you like meat on a stick, this is the place!
Hi!
Hi!
I don't know where I'm going...
This just seems like... kinda interesting!
So I've been giving some thought about the next part of the trip
And um the whole reason I am staying in Cebu City for so long is
because I'm renewing my passport, but...
the thing is the consulate, I found out, Is only open two hours in the morning,
I went today, and it's really crowded there...
So... they told me to come back tomorrow
So I ended up extending my stay in the hotel a few more days
I think over the weekend I'm gonna do something different
like maybe get out of the city different
and when I check out hopefully I will know more about how long it's going to take to get my passport renewed.
I heard it would take about a week
But... who knows?
So I'm gonna have to see.. I imagine I can wait for it to be renewed,
travel around the Philippines, then come back and pick it up when it's ready.
But... I just don't know for sure right now
But I think after I know I can check out and leave Cebu City
Probably next week
I'll be heading out to some of the islands
(loud music playing)
So next week I'll probably head out to some of the islands
And get, you know, out of the city
I'd like to do the island hopping,
or maybe take a cruise on a boat somewhere
It's kinda hard to say exactly right now but...
So everything has been going really good on the trip I mean, I haven't had any problems
Cebu City is nice
(car horns)
I'm in somebody's way
Trying to find a quiet place to talk here
Anyhow what I'm trying to say is that I don't really know exactly what's going on.
And next week I'm going to be leaving Cebu City
I think by March first - well, I know on March first I have a ticket to Bangkok...
So hopefully my passport is renewed by then, which it should be
And if it's not I will just be staying in the Philippines I guess, but that's fine I mean there are so many places
and so many islands that I want to go to
That I could probably stay months here!
So I wouldn't mind staying here, whenever I travel somewhere I always think about
is this a place where I could live?
I always ask myself is this a place where I could actually live long-term?
And uh... (music playing)
... for the Philippines I definitely think "Yes"
One thing that I think makes a place, or breaks a place,
is the people
and the people here seem extremely friendly
I haven't had a single problem...
I guess I've only been here a week but
You notice when you travel somewhere, how the people are
I guess one thing that makes it so appealing, like as an American or English-speaking traveler
is that a lot of people in the Philippines speak English
And that does make it easier
to stay here for a long time
If there was a serious language barrier it could get annoying
I've been in countries and places where they don't speak any English
And it can get frustrating and it can be lonely, especially if you're traveling alone
You want to have some way to connect to the people
OK seriously thought I'm going to have to figure out where I am and how to get back to the hotel
I have no idea where I am, I'm just kinda walking, which is fine I like to walk...
Alright guys, made it back to the hotel; the great thing about this city is that
you can get lost and find your way back really easily because there is always somebody there to help you,
You can always get a Jeepney or get on the back of somebody's motorbike or take a taxi- they're everywhere
Or you can just hail an Uber on the app
I mean, it's awesome so...
I have to get my video uploaded and try to get to bed early tonight
Because I have to wake up early for the consulate tomorrow morning
And see about my passport
And then, I don't know if I am going to be keeping up this daily vlogging streak
I hope I do, but we'll see tomorrow
Click up here to subscribe, and I'll see you on the next video. Peace!
