And who doesn't know I am going to share my birthday date with you.
Hello Friends and welcome to my channel yes you have heard right
my birthday is coming soon and my wife surprised me with an unexpected gift.
What is that I will share with you soon but before I share
We are in long distance relationship. yes we got married but right now she's in the Philippines and I am in India
We're going to meet each other soon and stay together for forever but it will take some time.
Because of current COVID-19 situation I can't meet her and she can't come here to surprise me.
Who didn't know what long distance relationship is I will explain
You're staying in other state or country and she's in other state and country.
It's impossible for you guys to meet each other everyday but you can meet once or twice in a year if you have enough money.
In this situation it's hard for us to share anything.
Like if something happened to her then I can't see her and she can't see me if I am not well. (I am talking about COVID-19)
LDR is little hard but it has its own fun too.
It's totally depend on you how you will look at your relationship trust is the most important thing in LDR.
Let me share you what she gave as my birthday surprise.
And who doesn't know I am going to share my birthday date with you.
My birthday date is 18th July yes means this Saturday.
She gave me birthday gift and which is new iPhone.
As normal husband and wife she can't surprise me
so she send me money for it
Yes I am going to buy new phone as you people knew my phone is not working from past few days
Which I will receive in 2-3 working days.
As you knew right now because of lockdown many shops and malls are closed so I can't buy now
So I need to wait but when it will open I will buy new iPhone for me.
If I need to wait for little long then I will try to buy iPhone 12 because it's almost September
or I will buy iPhone 11 if lockdown open soon.
What you guys suggest please comment below iPhone 11 or iPhone 12.
That's it from my side thank you so much for supporting me good bye.
...
