It’s a known fact that Filipinos are some
of the best singers in the world.
Even Simon Cowell tends to agree!
Simon: I always think a lot of the people
from where you’re from are amazing singers.
Not surprising really, considering that a
Filipino inventor actually holds the patent
for the karaoke sing-along system!
Singing is practically their national past-time!
But if you’re still in doubt of their undeniable
talent, here are 9 Filipino Artists You Should
Listen to Right Now!
What’s up fact-natics!
This is Discovery Amuse, serving up your daily
dose of the most outrageous, outlandish and
out-of-this-world fun facts!
Our top one pick is basically considered a
legend in all of Asia, so stick around to
find out who that songbird is!
Pinoys represent!
“Ikaw ay Filipino, Filipino, Filipino”
#9: Morissette Amon
Man: Oh my god.
Anne Marie: Whoa, her voice is so good.
Woman: So effortlessly, wow.
Hers is the voice that launched a thousand
reaction videos and covers on YouTube.
“akin ka na lang”
Seriously, she’s so influential that even
foreign content creators cover her Filipino-language
songs!
Morrisette rose to fame after she won the
Philippine version of “The Voice” in 2013.
Known for her effortless high notes and flawless
whistle tone, she has become one of the Philippines’
premiere divas, and has even made an name
for herself across the region.
In fact, in 2020, she served as judge alongside
American crooner Michael Bolton for a Southeast
Asian reality singing competition called Asian
Dream.
And she’s only 24!
Morissette: Okay it has to feel like an extension
of who you are, make it your own.
Pinoy Pride has just started!
Keep watching ‘til number one because that
singer can blow off the roof with her incredibly
powerful voice!
#9: Marcelito Pomoy
When this singer first performed at the America’s
Got Talent stage, needless to say, he blew
the judges’ socks off.
I mean, just listen to his rendition of The
Prayer.
*Marcelito singing
Yup, he’s freaking singing both male and
female parts of the song!
Holy smokes!
Marcelito was first recognized when he joined
and won Philippines Got Talent in 2011, which
gave him the chance to join America’s Got
Talent: The Champions in 2019, where he finished
4th overall.
“beauty and the beast”
But before his AGT stint, Ellen Degeneres
already got wind of Marcelito’s incredible
talent in 2018, and invited him on the show
in October of 2018 where he revealed that
the reason why he joined singing competitions
was to ultimately be reunited with his family.
#8.
KZ Tandingan
Another staple of online reaction videos is
this genre-bending singer, who gives a emotionally
soulful flare to each of her performance.
Heck, she looks like she’s practically crying
while singing in perfect pitch!
KZ’s first shot at stardom was when she
won the Philippine version of X-factor in
2012, where audiences got a taste of unique
style of singing.
But what made her blow up in the international
scene was when she joined the Chinese singing
competition called “Singer” where British
pop singer Jessie J also competed and ultimately
won.
But KZ proved to be a worthy competitor to
the pop diva.
KZ even sang in Mandarin for crying out loud!
Not only can she belt out the high notes and
make everyone cry a river when she sings,
the girl can also rap!
How can you not stan hard?
KZ’s surely killing it onstage!
#7: Lea Salonga
If you’re a hardcore Disney fan, then you
shouldn’t be a stranger to this Broadway
legend who’s a Disney princess in her own
right.
*a whole new world
Because she was the singing voice of both
Princess Jasmine and Mulan!
*who is that girl I see
Lea got her first international break when
she was 18 years old, when she was cast as
“Kim” in the musical Miss Saigon – a
role which made her the first Filipina to
ever win a Tony Award.
She was also the first Asian to play the role
of Eponine in the Broadway musical Les MisérableS,
and in 2006 she played the iconic role of
Fantine.
So it’s no surprise that she’s earned
a lot of famous fans too, from George Bush
and Bill Clinton, to Darren Criss to Lin Manuel
Miranda!
#6: SB19
It’s a little reductive to dismiss this
boyband as a mere K-Pop copycat, because SB19
sure has their own unique Pinoy flavor.
The 
band was trained by Korean management Show
BT, hence the SB in their name.
Like most K-pop groups, the five members of
SB19 underwent rigorous training in singing,
dancing, personality development and body
conditioning for three years!
But despite their K-pop blueprint, SB19 hopes
to promote their own style called P-pop or
Pinoy Pop, and showcase the global talent
of Filipinos on the world stage.
And it seems they’re on the right track
after recently becoming the first Southeast
Asian act to break into the top 10 of the
Billboard Social 50 charts!
#4: Ben&Ben
“Hi guys, we’re Ben&Ben”
For Pinoy music lovers, this band really needs
no introduction.
But for global audiences, checking out this
9-piece folk band on Spotify might just change
your life.
“Maybe the night holds a little hope for
us dear”
Ben&Ben got their name from the band’s lead
vocalist twins Paolo Benjamin and Miguel Benjamin.
Their trademark brand of folk pop music mixed
with heartfelt lyrics has made them one of
the faster-rising groups in the Philippine
music industry.
In fact, Ben&Ben is currently the most streamed
Filipino artist on Spotify, with over 650
million streams!
“Sana ‘di magbago ang pagtingin”
Listening to their music can probably be best
described as a warm hug on a cold, gloomy
day.
And even though you can’t understand a thing
of their Filipino songs, the twins’ buttery-smooth
vocals coupled with the band’s rich melodies
will surely push your blues away.
Music, after all, is a universal language.
“ako’y gigising na…”
#3: TNT Boys
Don’t be fooled by the bite-sized appearances
of this vocal trio, because once they open
their mouths, they’ll instantly take you
to church!
Kiefer, Mackie, and Francis, collectively
known as TNT Boys, blasted their way into
the music scene when they won a TV singing
competition in 2017.
Since then, the powerhouse trio has become
unstoppable.
wowing audiences worldwide when they appeared
on the show Little Big Shots in 2018.
TNT Boys sing Listen
They also went on to compete for the reality
talent competition, “The World’s Best”
where they left celebrity judges Drew Barrymore,
RuPaul and Faith Hill utterly speechless.
“There’s no way I will…”
James: 50 from Drew, 50 from Ru, 50 from Faith
The boys even got the chance to duet with
popstar Ariana Grande, who’s also not shy
in expressing her love for the dynamic trio.
Ariana: I’m so obsessed with you guys, you’re
incredible.
#2: Sarah Geronimo
Now this lady is what you’d consider a textbook
triple threat.
Not only is she a powerful singer, but she’s
also a multi-awarded actress and a fierce
dancer!
Sarah’s chart-topping song “Tala” even
became a viral dance challenge in 2019, that
spawned thousands of YouTube and TikTok covers.
Dubbed as the Philippines’ Popstar Princess,
Sarah Geronimo has been in the business for
almost 2 decades.
Yup, she started out when she was only 14!
But throughout the years, her star has only
continued to shine with her amazing ability
to reinvent herself time and time again.
With already over 13 sold out concerts, 12
platinum records, and over 15 blockbuster
films under her belt, this megastar shows
no signs of stopping anytime soon.
And the entertainment industry is all the
better for it.
Before we go to our number 1 pick, do us a
solid and make sure to smash the subscribe
button and hit the notification bell!
Don’t forget to choose “all” so you
won’t miss out on any of our latest life-changing,
boredom-busting content!
And of course, be sure to turn on notifications
in your app’s settings!
#1: Regine Velasquez
She’s more popularly known as Asia’s Songbird,
and her impossibly high notes have become
her signature style for the last 35 years
of her impeccable career.
This iconic diva is considered the best-selling
music artist of all time in the Philippines,
with 17 chart-topping studio albums to date,
and more than 25 sold out concerts to her
name.
Oh, and did I mention she’s a movie actress
too?
Here’s Regine playing a desperate fangirl!
Highly regarded as one of the most influential
artists in Asia, Regine has inspired countless
of other young singers who not only dream
of reaching her sky-high notes, but also achieve
the level of success that Regine has earned
for herself after coming from such humble
beginnings.
So, which of these artists absolutely blew
you away?
Let us know in the comments section below!
Take home any of our exclusive gear by browsing
our merch shelf or clicking the link in the
video description!
And while you’re at it, take our quiz to
find out how you can earn extra cash online
doing what you do best!
Awesome right!
In case you didn’t know, Pinoy Power has
taken over Hollywood too!
So don’t miss our countdown of the 10 Celebrities
You Didn’t Know Were Filipino!
‘Til then, stay talented, fact-natics!
And see you in the next video!
