You f*cking did it again!!!
First, I even defended you from all those accusations from our group!
Even if you cover that face of yours, I'm gonna spill this because you're an IDIOT!!
You even had the NERVE to do that here in our gaming house!?
I'm letting you play here!! I even considered you as my...
T-t-teammate..
DUDE!!
I don't even care what you'll say, dude, I don't know what the fuck you did..
Our support was pinging us on our base - Gloco! Gloco! Gloco!
I asked him "Manokie why!?"
It's Trinhil, I don't know what happened to him but he's just standing at our fountain and he's not defending..
ARE YOU NUUUTS!?!?
I'm seriously gonna mess you up, that name of yours!??
PUT TANK IN A MALL!!
Get away from here!!
TANK IN A MALL!!
You motherf*cker!
(Trinhil) "Hey bro I'm lagging and I don't know why..."
Are you a f*cking IDIOT!?!?
How the f*ck would you lag if the connection's speed is at 50mbps, fiber optics and we're just in the same house!?
You're one hell of a THROWER!!
You still have a CASE pending, I'm gonna seek help to ban you, you worthless idiot!!
I defended you from all your HATERS!!
This is the second time dude!
The first time happened during the Manila Major Qualifiers..
that was the first time..
And now on our BET Match, IDIOT!! We made a total bet of Php50,000 for this!!
BAKAYAROOO!!!
Why would you throw the match when we could have almost destroyed their ancient!?
STUPID!!
You've messed up big time Nhil, you're nothing to me now!!
IDIOT - you still owe me some money!!
Nhil, get the fuck away from here you b*stard before I assassinate you-  GET OUT!
STUPID MADUFUCKA telling us he's lagging? IDIOOOT!!
Tell everyone here what did he do to our game last April..
It was the time when our enemy had their Megacreeps, N'hil was left in our base and you guys were pushing the top lane..
We're pushing top??
Yes..
Okay then?
I was dead, I didn't have enough gold to buyback, that's why I was spectating you guys..
Apparently, four of our enemies died from the clash and they had no buybacks like me.
That's when you guys decided to make a last push on top to end the game for good.
That was also the same time when our enemies' Legion Commander is still alive but N'hil said he can defend the base alone while we're making our last push..
When you're going in for their ancient, the Legion Commander arrived, and went for a RAT doto...
while N'hil was just standing there..
Where!?
On our base..
Nice going douche bag!
I was planning to visit his room and ask him what's wrong but I was afraid..
Afraid of whom?
Of him..
Of him!??
Don't be afraid of this dipshit, he's not your teammate anymore..
All of this is going to social-media, you stupid f*cking 322, goblok anjing, cyka blyat.. You don't have gratitude, PUT TANK IN A MALL
I allowed you to stay in our gaming house..
I fed you!!
I even defended your stupidity from everyone..
And yet, you threw that important match..
Hey, remove your cap..
You are one stupid idiot.. Before, I was thinking of not reporting you to Valve but now, i'm getting you VAC banned.. YOU STUPID IDIOT!
You're even telling the others that you're popular?!? FUCK YOU!!
I'm gonna mess that popularity of yours now, you IDIOT!!
