Oh No, hold up-holdup yeah that just woke up like this
You know when you wake up and your mouth is so dry no, I don't care who you are
Who you stan but you if you saw this teaser from iKON you'd be like, oh
Yes, that would be you because he'd be like intrigued. from the drop to the dance moves, to the already famous- "No, no, no"
No, I was gonna check out iKON either/or, but the teaser itself already intrigued me
Which that's what a teaser is supposed to do
usually I try to stay away from teasers because you know, I don't want to get any ideas of what I'm getting into
I like to go in surprise. like when your ex-girlfriend gives you a surprise party
But then realize that she has a knife in a hand not that type of surprise, but you know what I'm saying?
It's a thrill
I like the thrill but I didn't like that thrill. I didn't like that one thrill. She was crazy. Enough about my exes
Let's get into iKON killing me. Wow. I just- it's called killing me after I just realized. look at this.
Look at me. look how free I am. I'm flowing. I'm like water
jukgetda tto eogimeopsi neoui heunjeogi nama nal goeropinda
jukgedta
nam daehadeusi doraseunneunde wae naneun wae oeroulkka
Play my intro
ikons killing me, let's get it in- three two one (HA!)
Okay, we doing bike Donuts
It starts off with B.I because in the teaser was a
Jinhwan
Jukgetda
Jukgedta. That's what they said in the teaser. (BOBBY!). Why'd I say it like that?
Yo, I-I'm feeling his
His purple hair wait, I'm tryna listen
Okay, kill it Oh
DK there's some heels that was stepping on a picture though. Who's the girl?
Yo that big box. Oh that's light, right?
Okay, Jinhwan
I'm trying-I'm trying to copy what they're doing? Oh, is that the arcade from the Bobby MV?
Oh here it goes I think.
No way it just goes in, and with dance moves
It goes-----------wait I need to turn this up. Holdup
Jukgedta
(B.I!) OO You saw that red in like the beginning of his hair
Song. I was like---------------- I was about to say Chanwoo then I was like no Chanwoo singing, no its Song.
Okay basketball. All the way back from like bling-bling
June's voice. And he got one glove too.
Okay, I guess the-the past relationships are killing him or the pictures are
Just the way-ah, I need to learn this I look stupid as hell though
I messed up my bad
It goes-ah like that too. it's like.
I was about to say where Chanwoo at
(Chanwoo!) Get them lines in fam!
Chandeliers
Homie like crying in the club
Yo, and if you wondering my favorite is Bobby
Cuz Bobby slaying, I mean they all Slaying but Bobby is the bias.
That hurts
(Jukgedta!) That classic yg. Let's turn up at the end like
Get all the homies together. They say ah shit. We just shitted on you. We iKON fuc-hehehe
Ah nice Jinhwan's voice in the ending. I like that. Oh
Peekaboo like the way it drops it just makes me realize like you-you like doing the shuffle kind of ish
But you like crying in the club because it's so amazing. Like: what is this song?
Feel like you just broke up with your girlfriend
But you got your henny in your hand and you're like crying in the club because you've missed your girlfriend
But you tryin to get some that night. Yeah, I got bottle service girl -O GURL HE GOT BOTTLES- Come through
Why you crying though, no, I ain't crying it's just the music is affecting me and me I just I just realized
Didn't have one English word in here, right?
Cuz even the chorus says (JUKGEDTA) which is I'm guessing killing me. You're killing me.
I Don't know. I haven't checked out the lyrics yet. Ah there's something in my eye
It's called feels. Man I love what they're wearing too shit.
God dam-hehehe. like I want to buy everything but they probably above my price range. My price range is
$10
(Jukgedta!) his voice Jinhwan.
Wait-wait-wait! We need to wait- Holdup.
That shit go like (AH AH!) in that the camera effect gives the affect too like you go.
And they so cool with it
Man, this so cool. There's so many k-pop groups coming out, but you have those that you watched from the very beginning
Like watch them grow
June your voice with the one glove again his voice is one of my faves from iKON like singing-wise I just like
about it
Chanwoo
Get yours-get your lines in man. Bae get your lines in. (BOBBY LETS GET IT!)
(AYE AYE!) Grab all your friends, okay. Hey guys, you sleeping you just woke up from a nap. It's a dream.
That's gonna be famous already, that [no no, no no(s)] put it in comments down below what you guys think of iKON's killing me.
I thought it was pretty good. I thought it was pretty good. I still think
love scenario
Was-is that song still. Every...
K-pop group has that song that's always gonna be there forever. That's like iconic one of my friends who works is a big iKONIC.
Reaction in the link in the description go check it out link to the music video the official music video
You gotta go stream it. Link in the description as well. Thank you guys for watching like this video share this video and subscribe
follow me on all social media
Instagram is @JUSTRANDOMEVERYDAY Twitter is @ITSJRE
keep on dreaming. Dreamers dream believe do repeat. If you have a dream out there put some hard work into it might just come true
Yes, I'll be at KCON LA. I think he's gonna be my last KCON LA.
Yeah, see you guys there. Should be fun. All right y'all til next time everybody. Peace. Have a great day. Alright.
HEY! You better subscribe
