Hi guys, so today we're going to be
hosting a boodle fight
aka a Kamayan feast. A boodle fight is a
Filipino feast where you lay out banana
leaves on a table, and everybody eats of
their hands. I'm gonna show you how to do
a quick boodle fight on a budget.
[jazz intro]
Today's video is gonna be a little bit different
you're just gonna follow me around the
kitchen as I cook. We have only about a
couple of hours, we're gonna be feeding
about 10 people, so let's get started.
This is an arm workout. I've been doing
this for like, ten minutes now.
Okay so we're done with the garlic fried
rice, next we're gonna work on the pancit.
So I forgot that we actually had to soak
the pancit for a little bit first to
have it soften up, so while we soak up
the pancit, I'm gonna move on to making the
garlic butter shrimp.
Normally we make garlic butter shrimp
with a whole shrimp, because the shrimp
head adds a lot of flavor to this dish.
Since we don't have that, I'm going to
make up for that lack of flavor by using
crab paste. So I'm just gonna put like a
large dollop.
This crab fat is so not good for you...
but, the flavor is gonna be AMAZING.
Now that the pancit noodles have had
time to soak, we can move on to making
the pancit now.
That's good.
Next, we're going to cook our fish. So at
Seafood City, I bought tinapa, which is
a smoked milk fish. Oh it smells so good
and I also got a marinated milk fish.
Stay away from that.
To get things going
a little bit quicker I'm gonna cook the
tocino, and the longganisa, while the tinapa is cooking. I'm gonna use
this chicken tocino, I got this from Seafood City.
What's the status in there, huh?
Ugh, cramped.
Next we're gonna cook the pork hamonado,
this is like a longganisa, basically.
It's always a battle trying to flip this
fish over.
Every time I think I'm not gonna eat
this one, and then I smell it after it cooks
I'm like, I'm definitely eating at least...two.
Mmm!
I'm going to marinade the mussels
for a little bit, and then we're gonna
grill it outside.
Only things left are the things on the
grill, and then the bibingka which is gonna
be in the oven.
Let's do the okra and eggplant.
This is interesting, usually we dip it in after it's cooked. But I want to see what it's like grilled this way.
I don't know why, but I have a bunch
of Filipino songs stuck in my head right
now. Probably because I'm surrounded by
Filipino food. I think I'm definitely
gonna be playing some Filipino tunes tonight. No one else is Filipino - OH WAIT NO
Rachel is.
I realize it's seafood, it'll cook a lot faster than
you think, so let's keep it this way.
Wow this whole spread just smells really good, mostly because of the bagoong.
So at this point, I'm gonna be preparing
the uncooked fruits and veggies that
we're gonna be putting on the side, as
well as some condiments.
I'm trying to be really careful and not
get any egg shells in here.
I think a little bit more.
A couple days ago, I made adobo it's just
sitting in the pot, but I'm gonna fry it
up a little bit so it gets a little bit
crispy, and a little more flavorful when
we put it on our boodle fight.
Ok, these guys should be ready.
Doug's back! He got our crispy pata.
Shh, don't tell anybody.
Oh wow!
It's deep fried pork!
It seems like most of the food is ready,
the only thing we have left are the little
condiments, but it's time for us to lay
out the banana leaf table. WHOO!
I just want to make sure it's clean, you know. All our food is going on there.
That's perfect!
These banana leaves will be used as our
plates.
What's your favorite thing about
boodle fights?
There's something about eating with your
hands that is, I don't know. It, like...tastes better, maybe?
All our friends are here, ready to eat!
I'm SO EXCITED!
We have vinegar?
Oh.
Your plate!
How does this work?
So these are chicharon, it's just, it's pork cracklings.
Did you make this too?
[mock laugh]
This is okra, it's got shrimp paste and vinegar on it.
These are calamansi,
it's really good if you put it on something salty, it's good if you put it on
the pancit. This is a longganisa -  sausage,
tomatoes, cucumber. These are mussels, just
plain, I think oyster sauce or black bean
sauce.
These are shrimps with crab fat,
garlic butter, and then garlic fried
rice. Eat salted egg with the
tomatoes. Tocino, this is like a sweet
chicken. Adobo, crispy pata, tinapa, yeah,
that smoked fish and then the same thing
but this one's smoked, and that one's seasoned.
FIGHT, FIGHT, FIGHT, FIGHT, FIGHT, FIGHT [laughter]
I meant to take videos of us eating,
but I got hungry and
my hands got all dirty so basically my
plan fell through. But one thing I did
want to add is to show you how to eat
with your hands. I'm gonna show you by
taking some leftovers we had from the
spread; here I have pancit and adobo
with quail egg. Using all your fingers,
make this motion with your hand when
picking up your food. Clump your food
together, and secure it in your fingers.
Make this motion with your thumb to push
the food into your mouth.
And it's that simple to eat with your hands.
That spread that we had, could have
comfortably fed about 10 to 12 people. It
also helps to buy some pre-marinated
ingredients, or you can buy some pre-made
stuff from another restaurant, kind of
like how we bought the crispy pata or
how the fishes were already marinated.
I would have been super exhausted if I
had to prepare every single thing we
had in that spread. So guys I hope you
found this video enjoyable, and super
informative go ahead and subscribe give
me a thumbs up and I'll see you in the
next video
