All my friends call me crazy like you're 
gonna go fly down there? 
And the other day you like show me around some of the,
I know that was after the cruise ! Yeah? Yeah! So~
Anyways... { Laughing } What are you doing?
Anyways ~
Hello guys! welcome back what's up and 
welcome back to another vlog!
So for today's video, we are going 
for a special request video for
most of you guys. We've had a lot of requests 
lately uh asking for a video about "How we met?
So this is a video about our story and how we 
ended up to where we are today!
Happily married.
After!
So yeah! This is our story leading up to~
To now. Make sure you have some snacks, popcorn~
Some drinks with you right now because this is a
storytelling we're gonna watch some movie together.
Yeah or some coffee. Yeah that's what we have so ~
Yeah! we're gonna start it now, so hope you're gonna enjoy this. 
So um we didn't really discuss this 
video before we are sitting here now um so we  
didn't like synchronize our story or even discuss 
our plan or we haven't really talked about our own  
story in quite a long time so. Let's see if we can 
still remember how we got here yeah that's how we  
Got here yeah. Yeah! so it's a test.
So where would you say we I guess it all begins I have an idea where it all starts. 
Since Dominick is the reason why 
we met we met each other so it should be is the  
one who gonna start you know okay! Yeah, well
I think it's very obvious where this story begins.
Um it begins with my birthday actually um so my 
buddy Christian and Kevin um wanted to celebrate  
my birthday but they also were both leaving 
the country for a while on their own excursions.
Um and so we decided to plan a trip! And that 
trip happened to be a cruise which is my first  
time ever doing a cruise and that cruise that 
we ended up going on ends up being the ship  
that this girl actually works at. Right? So that is 
kind of what led us up to the first meeting. Yeah!
So we just going on vacation on a cruise ship uh~ 
Norwegian Cruise Line right?
It's a Norwegian sky ship.
Because in the Norwegian Cruise Line they have 
a lot of ships so, I was working on Norwegian sky.  
Which is the smallest ship among the fleet. Why I choose that one?
I don't know! But no I think you choose that 
um because it's a short voyage so it's only 
three days three days so it's good for his
day off so the alcohol was included in the 
package I'm gonna be honest that's what we chose.
So! yeah it was like for all one price you could drink 
as much as you wanted and you're on a vacation
so you're like yeah obviously let's get the 
deal. Yeah! so that's how that started but um~
Yeah! so that's how we ended up on the 
cruise ship and I'd say it wasn't until my
very last night there on January 10th going 
into the 11th was the night that we actually met.
Um ~ And I guess you can maybe fill in this next 
part? Since Dominick was cruising just for three  
days and um I met him for the last night of 
his cruise. Um in the next morning we gonna  
arrive at Miami so he needs to disembark ship.
So since that's his birthday on the next day so they  
are decided to have a dinner but before that. By the way I was working in the Cagney's steak house.  
So it's a fine dining so at that time we are not busy, so my supervisor sent me into a like a buffet style!
Right! Yeah because of course a lot of passengers 
they just like self-service they don't want fine  
dining that time so~ It was not included in the price. 
Yeah! that time, um I was working a washy washy.
So washy washy guys~
You should explain what that is. Yeah! so 
washy washy is like~
Washy washy ~ Happy happy ~ Smiley smiley!
I was standing by the door and then 
all the guests coming on the buffet  
so I was just greeting them and saying 
"Hey guys good evening washy washy".
Something like that so that's a greetings at the same time um sanitizing their hands before they're  
getting food. Yeah and I can fill a little bit here. 
So um yeah uh up to this point um so like she said  
my birthday is the next day the evening of the 
10th my last night on the cruise and you work in
the steakhouse and for my birthday we just wanted 
to celebrate something a little more fine dining  
instead of going to just the regular dining hall. Um so we booked a reservation at steakhouse um and~
I don't know where we were coming from honestly. 
You're from the pool. It was just me and Christian.
I don't know where Kevin was it was just me and 
Christian and we were walking back to our room um  
to get a change right we're like an actual polo so 
you look somewhat decent going into a steakhouse.
Yeah, like formal.
And so we had to walk through the dining 
hall um to go get changed our reservations  
at like I don't know 8:30 or something like 
that so we're kind of like short on time at  
this point. So I got to go change we 
got to walk through the hall uh the dining hall.
And then there's this girl who says washy washy~ 
I'm like no that's fine I'm not eating here.
Yeah! he don't want. Guys its so funny because,
He don't want me to spray his hands. Because I 
wasn't going to eat. So I was like I'm just going  
walking through you don't got to clean me like I'm 
 fine. Yeah but of course. It's before Covid. Yeah!
So I don't know that's my job and he don't want to 
get sprayed so I was like "washy washy!" Oh no!
And Dominick said no~
Yeah but we ended up talking though because she 
was so friendly like I like talking. You have a big ~
Big smile on and then um but I was still in a rush 
so honestly I don't think you and I talked much  
then like I kind of said hi you know no it's 
okay I don't really want I don't need to wash.
And then and you're a shy type that time. 
I'm not shy! I was in a rush so you said I was shy
but uh what was it I think she started you started 
a conversation about my jacket. My jacket her, 
Or Christian's jacket they were both 
we were both wearing my sweatshirts.
Um one of them was an army sweatshirt which 
I was actually going to wear for this vlog
I just kind of threw this one on instead uh 
that'd been funny. But um yes we had this army  
sweatshirt on you started asking about that, and 
I'm like Oh my God! we're in a rush we got to go.
And then this girl asking!
Talk about my sweatshirts and Christians talking 
to her all friendly and then so you took me as  
being shy because like I wasn't really trying to 
encourage the conversation any further because
Christian is the one who entertained me you 
know answer my questions or like he showed me
that he's willing to talk to me and like that but 
Dominick is just like standing like in his mind
telling his friends "Hey let's go! Let's go" uh me 
and Christians go keep on talking right? Right.
For about five minutes or so at least seven minutes. 
Yeah! when it felt like a long time when you had a  
reservation in like five minutes as it is. We got to 
walk to the other half of the ship and change and  
then get back and so maybe Kevin was already in 
the restaurant I don't even know I can't remember. 
Maybe one of their friends is already waiting 
for their reservations right I'm not sure because
I'm not yet there. Right! yeah so that was our 
first meeting right? It was just spectacular yes
Yes he was just ignoring me. He don't want me to wash his hand.
I know! I wasn't dirty it was fine. So they left going to their room.
I really wanna married that man! ~ I'm kidding.
Yeah they left to their room and then they 
come to change but I don't know that they  
have a dinner into the Cagney's, they never 
told me. Right we really don't  because 
You're working in some other place. Yeah, and you work upstairs in this dining hall which is where we  
happen to be going next. Yeah, and then my 
supervisor called me when I come up there.
This guy. I was already there? Yeah! you are already 
there and this guy and his friends I think three  
of you guys? Me, Christian and Kevin.
I'm not your waiter that time. Right! Winnie~
Winnie was my waiter. Yeah! my friend also when 
I was entering the Cagney's or restaurant door  
and Dominick you know like standing on 
the table and then yelling that "Hey!
It's not standing on the table. What your talking about?
I don't know what came over me, definitely very 
unlike me um but I saw her walk in I think I've  
been talking about you even like for whatever 
reason you just kind of stuck in my mind even  
though I was like this is in a rush huh um I think 
I was talking about you to Kevin because Chris  
Kevin hadn't met her yet. And she was 
just the washy washy girl downstairs.
Yeah! But yeah you walked in and I'd seen her 
across the restaurant, whatever reason I kind  
of just yelled across the restaurant "Hey Herejean!"
It's like oh what is this? I know. It's a fine dining
And his just shouting like " Hey Herejean!"
I guess! It was really yelling? Yeah?
I feel like, your shouting, and I feel like you stand and then yelling and then you just "Hey Herejean".
I just say hi to them and then I called you yeah 
I come back to their table you to Kevin yeah  
I don't know why again that's a weird thing to do 
like I hardly know you this is Kevin my friend and 
this is Herejean or don't even know your name 
then I don't even know I don't think so yeah.
But, Yeah! anyways that was very unlikely just to 
like call over a random girl yeah that's love baby!  
Is that what that was? Yeah! because you 
do something that you don't usually do.
Maybe yeah yeah yeah so but, so when I called 
you over you were annoyed like who the heck is this
guy oh this is the guy who didn't want to have 
his hands washed and he's yeah in our restaurant
Because if you do wash washy and then if you saw 
a guest that they don't want to wash their hands
you feel embarrassed because you know like "Hey washy2x" you're being friendly and then they're
just like no I don't need that. I'm clean. I just 
showered you know something like that so they  
don't understand that you're just doing your job 
so you feel sometimes like you're offended or you  
know you feel embarrassed. When you saw me then in the restaurant?
It's not because your handsome! ~ Just kidding. 
Yeah! so after that. Well at some 
point I have caught again weird uh  
Dude me! uh whatever reason I called her later on 
we ended up talking again yeah you're at our table.
And I have to take a picture with you I think. 
I may have had too many drinks at this point.
I don't think I seem off. Yeah~ I don't remember.
It's look like he don't remember what he's doing.
It seems weird that I was doing that but uh but 
you were like friendly and you were like willing
to take a picture of us yeah we still have that 
picture we should put it up on the screen. ~ Yeah.  
This is the picture that Dominick um took 
at this moment that moment it was me uh 
Kevin and you yeah and that's actually when I was asking about your name your name tag and
she made sure I knew her real last name I think I put your name badge and she said well you know that's
not my real last name, so she was making sure I knew how to look her up if I needed to do that. Yeah!
So just to make sure! You never know. Yeah! 
You never know guys! Yeah, I think that was really it?
For our whole duration there like as far as 
like uh in the restaurant. ~ Yes!
After dinner's over,
Um me and Kevin are leaving the main 
doorway we're going down a staircase,
And then Herejean comes running out of the restaurant saying "What was your last name again" ?
Hey! excuse me? Uh this is this is my side of it yeah! 
And yeah she goes what was your last name again?
And then I just kind of stood and stared at her.
And Kevin's like uh ~ It's bailey like,
Bailey's the drink just without the s. ~ Yeah! 
Right? didn't he like yeah because I didn't  
say anything I just kind of stared. Yeah he just 
looking at me. I think you just said thanks and  
you walked away right? ~ Yeah! so what what were 
you what do you say?
This is the real version. This is wrong! 
 This is wrong? Yeah.
So this is what happened guys. They went down into 
the staircase yeah and then I was actually I'm not  
running after them. I'm just accidentally that 
I was getting a drink from the bar, so yeah.
I was getting the drink uh get getting drink to the 
bar and suddenly I saw them in the staircase so~
 Of course they're my friends and then, I was a friend 
already yeah so so I was asking him and then you  
know like I'm we're in the deck 12 and they're 
already in deck 11 both of them and then I was  
like staring in the staircase and shouting like, 
What's your last name again? Why'd you answer that?
No! because  I forgot. She wanted to talk to me. No! One of my friends I don't want to say the name.
One of my friend likes him, actually I don't like him. 
He's not my type because I don't I don't want to~
I told to myself that I never get married with a
foreigner. I just want only Filipino that's what 
So originally she had no interest in me apparently, 
So I thought she ran out of the restaurant
showing that she was interested. Kevin was like,
Oh she seems interested in you! I was like ~
You know like and then we said you weren't interested at all it was your friend who was interested
and that's. So they're they're asking me to ask his 
last name so that's why I'm asking him.
That's really why you're asking? Yeah!
It's not because I like you.
Yeah! it's okay I still won in the end.
Yes that was it I think for the cruise ship right? 
Yeah I never saw her again on that cruise.
That rest of that night nor 
the next day when we left um ~
Me being weird again though um yeah I you want 
me to really say this? um I think on the flight back,
 I was already I already looked her up on 
Facebook and I found her right before we took off.
And it was when we landed back and ~
Guy's he looked for me in Facebook right away!
Yeah I did before we like before we took off right? 
And then, once we landed and I'm back in my
apartment, I think I messaged you on Facebook. 
I think it was that next night. Yeah! which
is like me totally not playing hard to get 
immediately yeah like hey oh this is Dominick.
How are you? I think I said something like, 
You know, you were you know a great waitress.
Uh ~ I really appreciate you know. It's like 
a compliment yeah I think it was being more  
formal than anything but to make it really 
uncomfortable for me? She posted it on Facebook!
And tagged me. You posted my message to you on 
Facebook. It's my message? It's just your picture.
No no no you posted my words that I typed to you. 
You posted it on Facebook he tagged me in it and
I think you tagged whoever liked me to make them 
jealous that I said you were like the greatest waitress
You're a great server or something like that.
Maybe I think that's what happened.
And then, in the next day we are in key west that's right and we're eating in the Asian restaurant,
And then I saw him online so I was calling him in the messenger. She video calls me which at this
point I don't video call people I think that was 
like totally out of my comfort zone especially the girl
I only saw you know for one day, you know?
Why did you make the video call then? I'm just curious.
I called you, because my friend was there so 
I just want to make them or whatever status~
So ~ Why you pick up my call?
Because you're attractive! I like you!  { Duh! }
Yeah! since we're long distance,
We won't we know that we will not see each 
other again unless he will come back to cruise.
And we keep our communication intact, 
We're texting every day! ~ Yes! yes.
Every day! This isn't like keep in touch.
  Keep in touch~ 
Yeah which just again so unlike me. Never in 
my life but then a long-distance relationship.
Never in my life have I said that they were 
even a good idea in fact I've always told people.
Hey! don't do the long distance relationship, 
they never work out again yeah always against it.  
And then here I am in the situation and I'm like 
I'm totally maybe might try this. And then march 4,
I was signing off and we met each other in?
I flew down to Miami yeah!  so guys he spent money.
I spent money to go. Now again at this so here's the 
interesting thing though again that seemed like  
it was a lot longer time period between those 
two but I guess it wasn't only two months.
For you're crazy then, How come?
I mean I'm totally crazy too for all of this but,
 I'm saying that like uh ~
We only talked between January and March, 
And you told me you loved me in between those!
Look that smile. Which to me is like totally insane. I'm like all right yeah like that is like pretty extreme.
Yeah and then so somehow we wind up meeting on 
march 4 right? But at this point we had already  
discussed having a long-distance relationship.
Because I asked to be my girlfriend on march 4th.
Yeah! Right? I bought her a necklace I think and you 
bought me my white sweatshirt, Yeah the jacket?
Timeline's crazy! That's my first gift to him. 
By the way we have some photos also of that day,
In march 4th. ~ Oh yeah! so we can put some here. Yes! so so that you can check it out.
Couple pictures yes we're gonna put some pictures in here. So yeah and then after that on my vacation
guys I got my tourist visa. That's right! I went to 
Ohio oh oh I forgot that's right. Yeah right yes so~
We so you'd left to go home. Yeah! I think guys its a 
destiny also I don't know? I don't have any  
tourists visa that time when I met him, and then 
I just applied, and then I went to the US embassy  
and then right away approved! I flew here in Ohio in May uh yeah in May and I stayed here for 10 days.
10 days that time. I took vacation off for all those days except for two. Yeah I go back to the cruise ship
And then like maybe after two months on board two months or one month on board,
Um we serve a wedding for the~
Owner of the Norwegian Cruise Line because his 
son was married in the in the cruise ship so
I'm one of the servers so my restaurant 
manager give us to those people who served them.
They give us like a you know a compliment 
like um day off. ~ Yeah I met Dominick again guys.
He flew from Ohio Ohio to Florida just to meet 
me just for an hour again.
I had her for like 5 hours. ~ 5 hours this time!
Yeah! yeah, so longer than it was the 
time before but still all my friends  
called me crazy like you're gonna go fly 
down there and these other day you like  
show me around some of the I know that was 
after the cruise. Oh Yeah? Yeah! so anyways ~
{ Laughing } What are you doing? ~ Anyways.
So after that meeting guys. Okay, so I took the cruise, Uh I did a 5 day cruise.
He come back again to the cruise.
I flew down Miami again but this time I get a 
cruise out of it by myself most of it uh but then,
All of her your I think your team helped you 
out a lot right so you got like all your lunch  
breaks off or something like that. Every day since 
Dominick was there I always work breakfast and
after my shift we go outside. I did lunch off every 
day which gives you between end of breakfast to  
the start of yeah. Usually I start like seven 
o'clock in the morning yeah that's the breakfast shift.
And then we finish 10:30 or 11 and then 
after that, we go outside both so, Yeah! I toured him
whatever for whichever port we are docked. 
We have some pictures here.
Um that's where in Bahamas so,
I bring him to Atlantis yeah we did paddle boarding. 
Which is our private private island that's my 
first time by the way. So we have some pictures 
also here guys for that paddle boarding it's my
first time. Uh yeah! we did a lot of stuff with the 
cruise it was great it was great we really got a  
lot of time together on that cruise just because 
like her team was really helpful and supportive  
and getting that extra time off was like super 
super helpful yeah. After the cruise guys in the  
same contract so after the cruise, I applied for a 
work break { Oh yeah } Right! I did for a work break.
So um because I have my tourist visa. I went here 
to Ohio for my work break for 15 days I spent  
time with him. Yeah! yeah, and then after 15 days, 
I go back to the ship. That was our last time~
Uh spending together before she moved here. Yeah! So all these story guys that you're hearing right now,
Oh it's only one year about one year yeah 
seriously it's just one year. That's hard  
work though for me I mean just being long distance 
like me and my first long distance relationship ah~
I think we did great though we were very willing 
to understanding, especially you know because our  
time is different yeah so I'm different and 
it's being able to I mean you actually worked  
a weird schedule right? Because sometimes you 
were off at one yeah one am and his already asleep. 
So but we made that guys three and then 
April 25th we got married. Yeah! that's our story!  
April ~ Yeah! so April 25th 20 yeah married 
2020 right? Yeah, so it's about a year ~
And a third yeah one year and how many 
months? Year and four months. ~ Four months.
Almost five yeah between meeting each 
other and getting married which again.
Totally crazy for me I never would have expected 
myself. But it happened. But it happened. ~Yeah.
I got her ring and so she didn't seem yeah she's like 
oh you said we weren't gonna do that you said  
Instead of surprise I'm like all right is it okay 
so yeah is that a no or is it a thing I don't
know if you said yes at the end right? I didn't 
say yes. It's just automatic you just assumed.
And then we got married. Yeah yeah yeah so we 
are here... Yeah! and we got married on April 25th.
And then we've lived in two apartments now. Right? 
And still no green card! Yeah! because of Covid,
Everything's getting uh pushed back in the 
government and this is taking so much longer 
so Herejean still hasn't been able to work. 
Which is why she's been working so hard on growing
our YouTube channel yeah that's why I'm working 
hard and we're both working hard for these guys.
And we really really appreciate all your support 
you know. This is our bread and butter you guys~ 
And we've really growing to enjoy the process too.
So I think we covered that hopefully that made 
sense to everybody um that is the story of how 
we met. And that is our story about how we came  
to where we are now. As a married couple um but 
uh yes hopefully that made sense we kind of just  
so again we didn't really plan this out we just 
kind of wanted to just you know talk about it yeah  
that's the story of how we met hopefully you guys 
like that. Yeah, and we hope we have the question 
also guys for you. Um what do you think about um 
this long distance relationship guys. Do you think ~
it's worth it? Please comment down below and we are really appreciated that.
Thank you for watching and please comment also down below,
If you have any requests 
for any content that we want to make in the future.
We're really glad to hear that guys. So hope you 
enjoyed and we're gonna see you again? Next time!
