Hello everybody, How are you? With us, everything is fine.
And today we will react to KZ singing the song "Rolling in the Deep"
And today we will react to KZ singing the song "Rolling in the Deep"
and we hope you enjoy this reaction.
What if you watch the channel videos and are not yet subscribed
subscribe and for you who are subscribed 
activate the notification that Youtube informs you from channel updates
and follow us on Instagram, the link is in the description of this video
and all other channel videos.
The KZ is an extraordinary artist
we had already made a reaction from her in a video before
it's been a long time since we reacted to KZ and we will meeting the requests
let's make this reaction, we hope you enjoy this video...
But we already talked about this so let's go for the most important
because the most important is now KZ so...
Let's react!!!
Wow...
I found this version very interesting
it's a very different version
and she starts with this robotic effect on the voice
and it seems to me that from now on will no longer have
because I no longer have that sense of that robotic effect in her voice.
because I no longer have that sense of that robotic effect in her voice.
It's true and even if she has not started singing in from fact
she already uses many resources in the voice
like the use of Drive itself that she uses a lot.
Yes, yes, and this arrangement is nice and different from the music.
The bass uses Slap.
Very cool, very cool...
What an interesting idea she had, did not she?
Very interesting and she puts a lot of her personality in music
Very interesting and she puts a lot of her personality in music
practically nothing similar to the original song
she puts her personality in the song 
and this ends up making the original presentation
and she has a lot of attitude to sing.
It's a very different way of interpreting
really is something very private of her
and is part of his personality of interpretation
and is part of his personality of interpretation
-Very nice, very nice and very energetic, is not it?
-Yes.
KZ sings very well and she uses many techniques that are very good
KZ sings very well and she uses many techniques that are very good
because she can get air to perform all these techniques and ornaments
because she can get air to perform all these techniques and ornaments
and still manages to make a Rap, run a Flow
that is, there is breath for all this.
It is true...
She is a singer with a lot of attitude and very energetic presentation
She is a singer with a lot of attitude and very energetic presentation
and it's cool to see that it uses some features like Melisma
and a different way like the use of Vibratos
which makes the interpretation different from what Adele does in the original song
which makes the interpretation different from what Adele does in the original song
which makes the interpretation different from what Adele does in the original song
she puts on more vocal ornaments than Adele herself
since in this song she tries to explore more Belting
since in this song she tries to explore more Belting
not use other resources, but KZ does not
she explores it all and makes a mixture of vocal ornaments
which ends up making her presentation more beautiful.
It's true and we already did a reaction to her singing this song with Regine Velasquez
It's true and we already did a reaction to her singing this song with Regine Velasquez
but here I found the sound very different and heavier.
Me too. But this is our opinion and we want your opinion
leave in the comments what you found of this beautiful presentation of KZ
leave in the comments what you found of this beautiful presentation of KZ
make your suggestion for more KZ
click a lot in liked not only to help in channel growth
because so we understand that you want more from KZ in the channel
and share this video.
We hope you enjoyed this video and we see you in the next reaction.
Tchau (Goodbye)
