Hey everybody this is Randy Santel
"Atlas" and i am very very excited today.
For many years now, there has been so
many people asking me to come to the
Philippines and here in 2018 during our
tour I am finally here! I am in Central
Manila of the Philippines. I'm at the
original location of Zark's Burgers.
They've got 42 locations all around the
Philippines but this is the original and
today I'm going to become the first
person to take on both challenges that
they have here, back to back. Number one right here is
called their Tombstone Burger Challenge.
I've got 10 short minutes to finish
everything here. There are 8 burger
patties. Each one I think is topped with
cheese or there's at least four slices
of cheese along with some like nacho
cheese then we've got some healthy
veggies on the bottom. Along with that
there are 400 grams of their fries, and
then I've got to finish, it's pretty much
a 16-ounce drink which there's an iced
tea right here, but I've got 10 short
minutes. If I fail it's gonna be 599
Philippine pesos which is around 12
American dollars, but if I win I'm going
to get the meal free. I'll get my picture
on their Wall of Fame here at this
location, and I will get a sweet t-shirt
so let's go for my first one in the
Philippines, country number 30!
Alright I am starving, it's time to eat.
After this I'm going to be taking on
their Jawbreaker Burger Challenge. Now my friend he goes by the nickname of Rix,
he's done this challenge like 35 times
which is crazy, and he's got the record
which is 2 minutes and 10 seconds. Let's
shut up and eat. 1, 2, 3. . . Boom!
Well that 2:10 isn't happening, that's for sure!
I'm way past my prime apparently not
even close in the record, but I still
beat the five-minute time limit which is
the time limit for the Jawbreaker
Challenge that I'm about to take on next,
really enjoyed all those burger patties.
They were cooked perfect, time eat the
Jawbreaker next, but
Thank you guys all for watching me dominate the Tombstone Burger Challenge here at Zark's Burgers.
Thank you guys for watching!!
