Good afternoon! Good afternoon John!
Hello!
So we are going to a restaurant today to have a dinner date for our anniversary. Yes!
John: Oh yeah
And this is what I am wearing and John. See so handsome
Really?
Yeah this one here.  Yeah she's smiling
John: See, okay and now I can go up like this and film everybody.
John: Tell me what's the occasion?
The occasion is....is our wedding anniversary
okay
And we are here in the restaurant.
John: And this is all I can afford...is to buy a bread
Mia: Yeah
But look at the size of her beer though. Look at it. It's big as her. Ginormous!
Mia:This is so good
John: I..it is  good. Very good.
John: Oppsss! I didn't realise what I did then . I took all the butter.
John: This is all Mia buys me a bread for the anniversary. No wonder I am wasting away
For my starter I have fish cake and what's yours?
French Onion Soup
Awhat?
French onion soup. We are in a French restaurant, do you realise don't you?
What did you say?
When I woke up this morning. I thought oh well its a time of year for me to reminisce on the past
So I look back to three years ago and some!  And I took your early photo. Our wedding photo as well
And there's one it was a photo when you was...with the white dress on, remember?
When you we're out Christmas thing whatever.(Mia-oh yeah)
When you actually look at  that photo. Looking at you now  with your hair straight like that you haven't changed
Mia:Am I not?
John: No, it's only a little fatty.
John: Are you filming me again?
Mia:Yeah!  I like that light mga palangga(my loves)
John: This light?
I like this lamp
John:It's a desk lamp(Mia-Yeah its a desk lamp)
It's good!  I like that. It's very vintage
John: It doesn't dazzle your eyes so much. Very common thing way back
This one as well they got this water bottle
John: It's a actually...what its called?
Like...not Amoretto?  (John-Yes) I have seen Amoretto
John: How do you know? Secret alcoholic
Yeah secret alco!
That's their kitchen
So this is....what is this roasted beef? Yeah roast beef and Yorkshire pudding and the beef, potato, gravy
And we have same oder.  Happy face of John
The best part. What's yours?
Secret!
Cheesecake!
Cheesecake, yeah!
Look at that John!
Who's paying today? Are you paying today? I thought that's all I have to do
What?!!!I booked it! I thought that's all I have to do. Okay..just for you I will
What are you doing?
We are here recorded, so could you tell me what your experience is being like in the last three years?
My experience ..
Truthful!
Aw!
She's having a heart attack!
Such a wonderful life that we  are together and I am so happy
Are you now?
Yes, very
So you're in love are you?
I am in love
Okay
Oh gosh I feel drunk now
I drink or I had a pint of Shandy
Shandy? Shandy?
Seriously I feel drunk.  I feel drunk hun
I fall asleep because I feel dizzy. That's how easy I get drunk
I'm not used to drinking
John: Some really scary footages in there
A what? Why did you film?
Very cary footage. Secret.
Did he film?
I need to look what he meant about scary footages
Joh(whispering):The princess is sleeping
Like a little angel
Like a little baby sleeping. Look at her, she had too much beer. I took her out for dinner(lunch) and look at her now
John: She's like ...(trying to do snore noise)
Like a little elephant
Coffee!Coffer! To wake up my system!
Where's my wellies ?We're going out mga palangga(my loves)Will take the gods out.
Are you not taking a jacket?
Oh I'll be fine I got my jumper on anyway
John: And then you will say freezing! freezing!
Look at those dogs. Hello!
Pippa is chewing something(as always) Look!
We have Christmas tree here
Come on!Pippa and Phoebe!
Come on! Let's go!
John: Come on! go! go!
they don't want to go with me!
John!
Yes!
I have a  question
What's the question?
One thing you've learn in life when you are with me?
What?
Never cross you I know!
Seriously what one thing you've learn?
Did you see all the acorns?
We still have a lot of tomatoes. We have a good crop of tomatoes this year
There still a lot more and right here has more
And look at all my chillies they are all ripe!
He is with his work!  I don't like the lighting in this room
Do you not?Its nice and yellow
I don't like it I wanted a white light and I've been looking for a ring light and I just can not  figure out what's the best and I just don't know
So are you happy? Yes darling
Within three years we've been together
The thing is I didn't buy a jacket  like you bought me
It's alright, you deserved it. It's for you.
I didn't expect it
Anyway I do have a little  something for you darling here in my drawer
.                                                                                                          .
Yeeeey!
So I just gonna remove my makeup and I will put mask. And I have a product to share with you. It's so effective
Cuz as this past few weeks as you have notice my pimples we're so big
I am not promoting this because this was sent free and I am not just telling that this is good just for the review
This mask is really good and it helps my pimple (as this mask claim that it assist for removing acne and pimple) this is very good
I will insert a photo or video on here. I have used this for a week and it really helps to minimise my pimple
So I just gonna remove my makeup and will apply the mask
I been talking to you while I'm applying the mask but  then i've notice its not recording
So I've applied the mask
I will just let it dry and I apologise for the lighting. It's very dark now outside  and I don't have an artificial lighting . Will save money for a right light.
I'll be back for you later.
The mask is dry. I wash my face and let see if the difference.
This is it, mask removed! And my face feels so tight and if you are interested I will leave a link down in the description
