Good morning mga palangga(my love) and look John pre-heated my car as it is so frosty
Freeeeeezzzzinnng
Anyways we now have a different uniform. I will not show you the whole uniform cuz in our new contract it says that I am not allowed to show it
This will be the last time that I will  show my uniform in my vlog but I just want you to know we change colour every now and then
So good morning mga palangga(my love) and I will see you later.
I'm home  and John will take my car for MOT
He's coming down
John: Can you use paypal on aldi or not?
A what?
John: When you buy stuff in Aldi online can you use Paypal?
Yeah( as I have ordered they don't)..would you like  me to...
John: Just order fire alarm, just the round exactly the same as them.
I don't want that paper, I want the other paper darling
This one
I won't be long
Jophn: you need to get yourself dress and ready
Why?
John: When I came back for punching
He's here!!! Thank you. How's my car?
John: It's failed
Huh!!No!
What do you mean? Are you serious?
John: I'm serious
No, I am asking you seriously come on tell me the truth
John: This is my serious face
No, seriously is it failed?
John: Sad face
Yeah they said it just had a bad driver
No!! I am not a bad driver!
John: No, it's fine darling. All done and dusted
Good. Thank you
John: What's this?
John: Cookery demo
I change thicker top cuz I will go to workshop today to help John
He is so mysterious!
John:Pulling my panties up, they are falling down
Is it pulling down?
John:Yeah
John:I lost so much weight as ever since I got home  I been like a slave
What?
Look at the face on her. Don't believe that innocent face.
No, he's lying!
John: where's your jacket darling?
I will get my jacket first
Because it's quite freezing
John: And your gloves
John: And something warmth in your feet
John: Could you lock the door?
I will
I cannot lock the door my hands are full
John: right, we better put you two...
Oh!! my gloves
John: For goodness sake! Just not organise this girl!
My gloves
The things I have to put up with
John:You want your black one?
Yes please
This ones? Are they the one?
Our neighbour are bailing the grass
Bye John!
We done mga palangga(my love) as there is not a lot to do
and tomorrow his sone  will do some welding
I'm hungry . I like to eat.
What did you say???!!!
John: how many pies you have eaten? You greedy little devil!
Pork pies
Anyways will bake an apple pie
John: no that's a dish, I don't need that. Put it away.
John: Right, you need to get the colander
So my husband will help me because honestly I have no idea on making apple pie
The apples are here! I need to peel them up
This is the baking skills of John
But
He used or he cheated, look!
John: No cheating
John: No cheating..
Look at his face
John: So now we prepare the pastry or the pie
John: We take the rolling pin and we start to roll. We go one way and keep turning round, keep rolling until you get the desired shape
And right now mga palangga(my love) I will the apples
John: And we drop that on there like so
John: And you allow it go to into the dish
John: Are you watching the skill of this man?LOL
You didn't know I was cordon bleu chief  as well, didn't you?
John: And what we do is get the knife and go round it like this, like that.
John: right that's bit done!
John: And now you get this pastry. Now it's soft enough its becoming really good
John: You need to combine and get it back together again if you can, knead it together
Look he knows how to make it pretty, he got a leaf design
Oh dear..
John: There you go!
Bye the way will just have our dinner(tea) and later I will show you the finished product of the apply pie
OMG!I am so excited because this is my first time to have like a homemade apple pie, I know the whole thing is not homemade
because use a ready rolled sheet pastry but I am so happy that John help me in making this, anyways bye for now.
Apple pie is ready!
John:How do you know, have you look?
Yeah
John: Oh! It looks like it could be ready
John: Oh yeah!!
That butty!!
John: Look at that little beauty!
John:huh?
Look at that!!
What you have done?
John: No! You burn yourself. What you mean what I have done?
Look at that hun!
John: What? is there something wrong with my apply pie?
John:Dont! Hot! You burn yourself with it!
John is going to eat apple pie..
Look at that guy!He is going to eat the apple pie
John: I'm going to try..I won't came out very well so I am afraid it will gonna break
John: We gonna try it first we what it taste like. not enough apple in this
What it taste like?
John: hmm...
Nah, don't fool me
John: No!
Don't give me that!
Another slice John?!!.    Only a little bit
John:Bad thing is this cuz you cannot put grease to it very well, this is the problem
Scrape it out!
John: The problem of dish like this, isn't it? Bad dish darling.
John: right, here just try a little
No, not now!
John: Go on! Try...it's yummy seriously. Open wide!
I just had a shower..
Open wide, see.
John: See? So what have you decided?
John: was it bad?
It's alirhgt
It's good!
John: Of course it's alright, I could put cream in it but I might be good and have no cream or do we use the cream up?
It's up to you.
It's actually alright.
John: it's slightly tangy isn't it?
Yeah the apple pie mga palangga(my love) is slightly tangy but I like it
So I really apologise my face and my state I just been out to the shower and also John. John is so fresh now
He put a cream on his apple pie so tomorrow I'll be making tomato soup
John: Are you listening to your husband? Yes aI am listening to you.
John: Very nice you know.
John: Bye!
