Good morning and a beautiful day to you I 
hope you're having a great day. Now today  
I'm going to take you to the Philippines and 
we're going to go to the center of the Visayas  
almost in the middle of Philippines 
and explore the island of Bohol.
Getting to Bohol there is a regular fast ferry 
service from Cebu city to Tagbilaran. Ocean Jet  
have several ferries every day, the journey only 
takes two hours and costs 800 pesos for general  
deck or thousand pesos for the business class 
deck per person one way. On arrival at Tagbilaran  
you will need transport to your accommodation. 
There are taxis, trikes and there's even a place  
to rent motorbikes at the port which leads us 
to the next point, where do you stay on Bohol.
Now by far the most popular reason for 
visiting Bohol are its beautiful beaches  
and the best beaches are found in the 
south down here on Panglao Island.  
Now when you arrive at Tagbilaran 
it's about a 40-minute trike taxi ride  
to Panglao and I recommend staying as 
close to a Alona Beach as possible,  
not only is it a lovely and lively beach but from 
here you can organize everything that there is to  
do on Bohol Island. During the day you can relax 
on the beach, get a massage, take a boat trip,  
have a swim and enjoy a drink and after sunset the 
beach and surrounding area lights up with cafés,  
bars, restaurants and entertainment. 
Find a taste to your liking and enjoy.
Once you're settled in everything else on the 
island you can do in a day trip from Panglao.  
One of the more famous things to see are the 
Chocolate Hills, these are limestone hills that  
dot the landscape around Carmen. In the summer the 
grass on these hills turns brown making them look  
like balls of chocolate like you're inside a box 
of ferrero rochers surrounded by chocolate hills.
Next up is a visit to see Asia's smallest primate, 
the sleepy tarsier. An endangered species these  
tiny nocturnal creatures are now being protected 
in sanctuaries where you can admire these cute  
animals. They are very sensitive to light and 
sound so there is no camera flash permitted  
and you must remain as quiet as possible 
while admiring these miniature primates.
For those who want to relax and watch the 
landscape glide by there are the Loboc river  
cruises, a two hour, buffet lunch 
included cruise down the Loboc river  
through the heart of Bohol while you admire the 
passing scenery. Be aware though these are quite  
large boats and they're shared with other tourists 
and often have a singer on board to entertain you.  
Don't expect a peaceful quiet trip, 
but do expect an entertaining one.
For a more relaxing day you can organize boat 
trips to some of the surrounding islands like  
Virgin Island or Balicasag Island, both make great 
day trips. Scuba diving is also available with  
several dive shops along Alona Beach organizing 
dive trips to the best reefs around the island.
Any instagrammers will want to head to the 
man-made forest near Bila, a two kilometer stretch  
of tall mahogany trees tower up and over the road 
creating a beautiful and very photographic scene,  
you can walk amongst the trees 
and breathe the forest air  
and of course take that compulsory 
selfie under the green canopy.
If you don't mind leaving the fresh air behind 
for a little while visit the Hinagdanon cave,  
a beautiful limestone cave where shafts of light  
pour in from the holes in the ceiling 
illuminating the pools of water below.  
There is an illuminated path down into the 
cave but it could be slippy so take care.
If you're happy to rent a motorbike then I can  
highly recommend going on your own adventure 
tour to explore the island and its daily life.  
There is lovely scenery to admire and the local 
people are always friendly. Go off the tourist  
trail and you will find villages, churches, 
rice fields, and local life to explore.
While these are some of the main attractions of 
Bohol there are lots of other things to see and do  
around the island. There are several 
lovely beaches along the south coast  
and depending on your personal interests here's 
a list of other things that you can do on Bohol.
What do you think of Bohol? Amongst the many 
beautiful islands to visit in the Philippines will  
it make your list? Let me know in the comments 
below and tell me where you would like to visit.
If you enjoyed the video remember to give  
it a like for me and I will see 
you somewhere around the world.
