What's good, brah?
(i miss t.o.p)
Yo what's up everybody! It's your boy, JRE!
And right now, we about to check out SF9~
This is called 'Easy Love'.
Okay.
Easy Love.
Nothing else to explain.
In SF9, I haven't kept up with SF9 as of lately
like as members, with the members individually.
So I don't really know the members really that well.
And you know me and like, a lot of people, 
I-I just can't remember names sometimes.
I have to like, get into them really really hardcore.
Hopefully, I do.
But I do know Taeyang (of SF9)
because obviously Taeyang.
I don't know if he's the bias because remember,
the bias chooses you - you don't choose the bias.
So, we never know, I could just like y'know
out of nowhere, someone just poppin' out of nowhere.
Anyways! Let's begin!
Hi! I'm Lola! I'm from Italy!
I love K-Pop and GD!
(y'all i just remembered about his enlistment oh no)
iKON is my favourite group! So play my intro!
*INTRO*
SF9! Easy Love! Let's go! Let's get it! Come on!
(someone make a compilation of JRE tappin' that keyboard- )
I heard some good things about it.
Dem. Boots. Though!
Oh shit, look at that background.
You saw like, the thing, the red- digital...
That voice though.
*imitates the vocals* Like, you can hear it...
(what's a jre video without body rolling)
Mmm okay.
Oh, the rappers I'm guessing.
*imitates vocals*
It's like... Digital world.
Okay, they buildin' it though, it's buildin' up.
(t.o.p x jre = #couplegoals)
OH THAT'S- IS THAT TAEYANG
(JRE IS LEARNING THE NAMES YES BOY)
I can tell by their face.
Still, wow man.
Ooh. *copies move*
(here's something to add to your body rollin')
This one like that...These little body rolls and stuff...
(INSEONGGG)
Ooh, this move though like...
(t.o.p and jre gettin' a lil cuddly over here)
Okay.
Okay, you cherry (?) it up, I see you!
(AHHH DAWON)
Like the, it's like matrix-y but it's in red, colour red.
AYE! AYE!
(YES)
TAE!
Ya, not that Taeyang (of BIGBANG), this another Taeyang!
(jre wyd)
Like... See him?
I'm sorry I don't know other members' names! I do know a few, but I just can't remember at the time, right now.
Shame on me.
(aww no jre)
I like the chorus, how it breaks down and 
just the vibe of the song right now.
Emotion.
Okay, we don't have to let us go bro!
Oh, he wanna- you wanna- what?
Oh, he glitched.
Glitching right now.
Oh! He just busted out, he's like what?
AYE!
OKAY, OKAY, OKAY!
That's a nice vibe to it, I like the feel of the song.
Got the Windows (unclear) IBM computers...
LOSE CONTROL!
EASY LOVE!
Breaking Sensation SF9... What's good, SF9?
I'm sorry, but like I said, but I do apologise for not knowing the members.
Maybe if you could help me out, in the comments
down below, that would be- I would be so thankful.
What's good? Givin' me that 'Easy Love'!
Now-now, what I want you to do, I'mma have the link to their music video in the description down below,
I want you to give that some 'Easy Love'!
(please do support SF9!)
Also, I have a 'Burnt Ass Chicken' music 
video that made, a silly one.
Put it in the comment- well, I'll put it in the comments down below but I'll also put it in the description down below
as well, so I want you to give that some 'Easy Love' as well!
Show some love.
Keep on dreaming, dreamers!
DREAM, BELIEVE, DO, REPEAT!
And if you have a dream out there, 
put some hard work into it and it might just come true! For real!
Alright, y'all!
Bye for now.
HEY! YOU BETTER SUBSCRIBE!
It's okay if I leave him with y'all? Because y'know, like, he needs to watched sometimes.
Because you know, he's talking about chairs, art and stuff, and sometimes, some ice cream.
If you give him ice cream, he might go a little, a bit too wild, I'm just saying.
Anyways! I'mma just leave him right now, okay?
You right then? (no- ) Okay! *clicks fingers and disappears*
(oh no)
*DOOM DADA - T.O.P*
(i want my future lover to love me as much as t.o.p loves his chairs - he calls them sexy god i love him)
(Thanks for watching Jre's videos! Subscribe and follow his social media accounts!)
(Take care and enjoy your day~
- julie)
(everybody go home)
(why you still here?)
(worried about the t.o.p cutout?)
(i'm sure he's fine, just as long as no one gave him ice cream)
(gasp did you give him some and are you waiting for his reaction :0)
