I got Super Chat for the first time. Thank you very much.
They say, "Thank you for the meal."
Hello, everyone.
Today, with a Filipino friend named "Sunhwa" 
Date? Kind of like a date
It's not a date, but it feels like a date? 
Anyways, it's like a date 
I heard that you're going to introduce Filipino food to me today 
Is it okay? 
We decided to go to a place called "Okada Manila" and eat delicious food.
I will meet my friend today and look forward to what will happen.
I arrived first 
I'm waiting to turn on the camera as soon as she comes.
(On the phone with her)
I'll be waiting for you.
(Found her)
Maybe she's you?
Are you a "sunhwa"?
Hello
I'm embarrassed
Are you embarrassed, too?
Why are you shy?
Because it's my first time meeting you
Are you filming a vlog?
Right.
(Talking about taking a taxi and moving)
I've only used a bike. (I've never used the taxi application 'Grab')
Do you know how to ride a bike?
Right.
Really?
No, I only know how to ride in the back
Lady First 
(Moving to Okada Manila)
(She explained the Grab app to me.)
(She paid for the taxi)
Thank you
(Arrived at Okada Manila)
Oh! You are a very famous person, too?
No, it's not
You have so many followers on Instagram
You're famous on TikTok
(Actually I'm not even that famous on TikTok)
Wow! This place is so beautiful
Do you know the word "pretty" in Korean?
Yes, I know
("Pretty" in Korean means beautiful)
I think it's very similar to Howl's Moving Castle
It's like Howl's moving castle.
It's really pretty
(Watching the building)
There is no such luxury casino in Korea. (Actually, I've never even been there.)
There is no casino like this in Korea. (Actually, I don't know)
So I find this place fascinating and interesting.
We're here now
(Looking for a restaurant to eat)
Let's go this way
Let's watch it
You have a good sense
(Arrived at the restaurant)
(The atmosphere was pretty good)
This is a system that checks the menu you want to eat.
My favorite Filipino food is 'Halo Halo'.
(I'm waiting for her recommendation)
Are you going to eat "Halo Halo"?
No, it's okay. I'll just eat the food
(The food I ordered came out)
Terrific!
(I can't remember the name of the food. Please let me know in the comments
It looks really delicious.
The food is really pretty
Eggplants and stir-fried vegetables. It's like vegan food
I love vegetables.
Really? 
Is it okay to take a picture?
I'm an instagramer hahaha
I'd have to agree with you.
- I know the greeting before meals in Korea. "Thank you for the food". Right?
[Voiceover] Right. 
Are there any pre-meal greetings in the Philippines?
Is there a pre-meal greeting in Tagalog?
No, we just eat rice in the Philippines.
Do you want to try it first?
(It's really good. It was a taste full of vegetable flavor with eggplant and savory bean soup.)
The sauce is really good.
(This was a dish with tofu and pork, but it tasted a little bit of vinegar and made my taste buds rise.)
It's really delicious. It's fun.
Really?
Is it your first time eating it?
That's right. It's my first time.
I love this
It's the best 
I really want to recommend these foods to you.
I want to come here with my parents later.
I hope to come here with my parents. 
Maybe my favorite Philippine food has changed its ranking.
This is first and second place
It's really good
I heard there's a dance performance show 
I thought it was a stage where dancers danced
This is the Music Fountain Show. 
It is very beautiful.
Thank you for bringing me here.
This is truly great.
(Going home)
(Helping her get home)
- Get on the white van
- Oh! I thought you were a Westerner
(I didn't know what was going on)
What's going on?
It's so funny. They thought I was Western
Be careful!
Is it this car?
I'm going to say bye to you
(She must have had so much fun earlier)
I understand. They thought you were a foreigner?
Bye bye! - Bye
In the Philippines, these vehicles are used for public transportation.
It's so interesting.
I arrived at home.
I bought another Oreo cookie ice cream from the Philippine mart.
It costs about 2,300 won in Korean money. $1.8 in dollars
It's good because it's too cheap.
The cost-effectiveness is good.
It's amazing that you can eat such high-quality ice cream for 110 pesos.
(It's really good)
When I go back to Korea later, I think I will regret not eating this ice cream a lot.
That's why I'm eating again today.
This size is four to five times more expensive in Korea.
In Korea, they will sell this ice cream for about 500 pesos.
But I'm so happy that it's 110 pesos here. 
Ice cream is really expensive in Korea. 
(Next morning)
I took a shower and came out naked 
However, the employee who manages this room entered the keypad number and broke in without permission.
There are still three and a half hours left until check-out time, and he broke in without permission.
He saw my nudity and was violated in privacy and he didn't apologize.
This is a serious problem.
What would it be like if I were a woman? 
If I was a woman and he saw my nudity this is a serious crime.
I raised this issue with Airbnb's customer support team.
This is a serious breach of privacy.
I sent them a message.
I was really angry just now when he broke into my room.
It's a crazy situation.
I've been in a bad mood since this morning.
I got a refund promise from Airbnb, but I still haven't received a refund, and the host blocked me.
