Good afternoon mga palangga(my loves)
Did you notice something?
Yes! My red lipstick but don't worry just for this day
Someone commented or suggested try to wear red lipstick so here I am wearing a red lipstick
But when I was in my teens I used to wear a lot of red lipstick and high heels
but now..I don't know if you are like this as well. As I grow older I tend not to wear bright colours mostly lipstick
And when it comes to fashion..I rather choose comfort than fashion
So I don't know if you also have that attitude
I just can't be bothered to wear heels like 3 to 6 inches heels..
Cuz I have experience how uncomfortable and painful it can be...
But anyways, I did grilled a pepper earlier..
Here it is..I need to peel it
Later for our tea will have pizza and grilled pepper
It smells so good. The smells makes me hungry
I suddenly remembered my late father, my father loves a grilled pepper
and also loves grilled bitter gourd and we dipped it in  salted fish
John is here
Hello darling!
Hmmm...smells delicious!
hmmm...can't wait to eat them
Did you took the seeds out?
I did not took the seeds out
She never take the seeds out! This is why I whistle like a bird
She always feeding me seeds
Me and John will try the couple yoga poses
We will imitate 2 poses
Lets see if we don't break our bones LOL
It's looks easy but who knows..I never try yoga and so John
The first pose is this one..I will probably insert picture here as its not focusing might be because of reflection
Those poses will try to imitate
Do you think we can do it?
Oh dear! I laugh  hard again. I am sorry.
As someone commented on my don't always laugh as you can be irritating
This is my personality. I am happy person and if I have a grumpy face in talking to you you'll probably say I have a bad attitude
So this is me I am happy and if you don't like my personality, always smiling, laughing. I can't do anything with that.
Come on! Thats it!!
Is it??
Yeah!!! That's it!
John: I don't think  it is.
We made it!
Are you alright?
Of course I'm alright
We did it!
Well most of it!
It's harder than I thought! My muscle is aching!
(NO SUBTITLE START AT 5:45 UNTIL  8:15)
Who's  more to be shout out?
My teeth did not cause you any trouble!
Someone commented here and said fixed your teeth as I have a foreigner husband
I do apologise with my teeth. I am not lucky enough to have those model toothpaste smile teeth
I do apologise for my flaws. I am not perfect. I will fixed it when I have my budget.
But just at the moment I don't have the budget so just please be patient and bear with me
It doesn't mean that I have a foreigner husband I have money because in my case or in our case his is his and what's mine is mine
Thats difficult. It's difficult mostly you don't have a job. I find it very difficult before with this kind  of agreement.
Cuz I don't have a job before. And I grew up in the Philippines remembering mostly wife handle the money
But in the foreign country is different. But as I always say it really depends on the couple's agreement.
So  I work hard and harder to have money and save money cause I don't know what will be my future
We have no certainty in this life. I knew someone they been together for 10 years and the guy suddenly died
The guys has will but he give it all to the charity and the wife left with nothing..
So even you are married, you're a wife you still have no certainty
I always told to myself be ready cause I really don't know what future brings.
People saying to me why you not sending money, you have a good life in UK and you only send money once since you're there
Yes it looks like I have comfort life because I am here UK. I have house. I have a house to sleep in but you don't know the whole lot
I got no control of everything..All this are temporary. I don't know what my future like after John's day.
It' doesn't mean that because our case is like this. Neither of us it the bad guy of the relationship
Cuz John put roof over my head, he provide and sustain me most of everything I have here and he promised to be here for me and for my family
So I can't complain because he such a lovely guy and I love him the way he is..
As I see this situation, trust needs time to build and mostly we are just starting we know each other for almost 4 years and probably one of the reason as well is the age gap.
So I can sense he will...hopefully he'll change
So, if there is someone out there who is in the same situation. Let's work hard. Be independent. In the end of the day its for our own good
