Good morning adventurers
From a very rainy day on Siargao
We are actually up in the northwestern part of the island town called San Benito
If you guys saw one of our previous videos we did island hopping down in the southern end in General Luna it was a beautiful day
We went to islands that are definitely well known in the area.
But now we are going to some arguably even more beautiful islands
I think more unique more interesting islands and they have some hidden spots on them
Yeah, the islands up here a lot lesser-known. We were even asking a lot of the locals down in General Luna
They didn't even know about some of the island names up here. So I don't think they islands that are often visited
We're hoping though that this rain gets off and goes far far away from us.
Get the hell out of here
Otherwise it might be
It's  kind of being a downer.
Yeah to start things off. We are having one delicious breakfast.
[Eric]: We got Mr. Tal over here.
Hi!
We got a little pumpkin curry here some pancit and of course some rice
No breakfast is complete without rice
We got eggs on the way.
We might be eating a little too much before we go out on the boat swimming all day but that's okay
The rain let up a little bit we're making our run over to the tourism office
We're looking at the clouds. We really can't decide you get these patches where it looks like
It's clearing up and then all of a sudden
this torrential down pour
We'll see if we're going out of the boat today
So that is right it is the next day, we were gonna go out on the tour but my god that rain would not quit
That rain was relentless all morning
Hi..
But today is a slightly better day, although, I don't know
they're coming for us
Yeah, we're going to an island, gonna do a hike
to a hidden lake, I don't know if will be able to get up to the lake?
Yeah, it's not a place that many people go from what we gather because it's a little bit more difficult to get to so
We showed you the really easy chill like beautiful picturesque island hopping
Now we're doing the more raw island hopping but we've got about a 45-minute boat ride to that island way over there
All right. The ocean is calling let's go. You guys this is Maria Luz (Maria Luz)
Am I saying it right?
And this is Ma'am Nella, too.
She's gonna be our guide today taking us around
For the next trip, for the next islets, we have three islets to go four or five
All right, well thanks for having us we're excited to see it all, see a different part of the island
We've just landed in Poneas island, this is the dock it's just a bunch of rock
One of the prettiest boat ride I think we've ever taken, and
Even though the winds were crazy back when we left San Benito the waves weren't bad at all
So all of you sea sickness prone people don't worry
but the ride in was beautiful
There was just all this greenery and the water these huge hills all kinds of stuff
Really rustic little fishing houses in the water and everything. It was so cool
We are visiting this island because there is a hidden lake and to get to this island first off you have to do the boat trip
Out here then to get to the lake you have to do about a 20 minute or so hike through -
It's just a bunch of rocky stuff
But I think that it's going to get a lot muddier and a little bit more treacherous
Probably wear shoes with straps on them
Yeah, we're we're gonna see how we fare in our flip-flops. We'll report back. Yeah
We were told ahead of time that these flip-flops would do the trick, but I'm a little skeptical
This is why we decided to wait until
the next day when it wasn't raining hopefully to do this because this is the kind of stuff you have to go up and
This being all muddy and water going through it, would have been very dangerous.
I'm having flashbacks to our hike in Hawaii.
I'm really glad this hike isn't dangerous at all
I mean, this is like one of the easier, easier ones that I've done
Oh Yeah!
Just a nice little Saturday.
I don't think we'll be scaling cliff sides and they do have some rather nice stairs, they got a rope
Yeah, it's not the hardest climb we've done, yeah it's not so bad
Although if it were raining this would be a nightmare. We've made it to the tippy top right here
And now there's a bunch of a bags of uh, I think there's just dirt in these bags
But they're the most real steps that we've had so far
This is the final stretch. It doesn't. Oh geez almost died right there. It doesn't help that
I have all this stuff hanging off of me makes this a lot harder
But it wasn't so bad. It was like 20 minutes and now we're at the lake
We made it
You guys literally one second after I turn the camera off
[Allison]: Homeboy goes sliding down there.
Oh no, did I fall?
Right there that's his carnage.
So if you come here bring some damn hiking shoes
We made it to the lake y'all so there's just this one dock here
I think there's another little dock over there and we have this entire lake to ourselves
This is insane. It's really pretty I imagine with the Sun out the water
The color would be beautiful and you would never know it's here
It just looks like a hilly island off in the distance
We made it to this little platform that's in the middle of lake. Check this out
This is insane
Time to go swimmin y'all
Oh my god you guys I love fresh water
We've had so much saltwater recently. This is so nice.
Oh this water so warm
It's so warm
There's a rope swing right over there we're gonna go check that out next
So getting up to this rope swings a little bit sketchy you can see they just have these little wooden planks built into the side
Of the tree and they've got a kind of skirt around to get to the top part of there, but Eric's going for it
Ok go
My god you guys that was incredible, rope swing was amazing they have a little platform you can jump off there
The water is incredible
Yeah. I don't want to leave but there's still so many more islands and this is our final day here in a on Siar
Our final day here on Siargao, so we gotta go and see more. Yeah, this is an amazing first start though. Yeah
Bye Thank you
Here we go. Here we go
We made it to the next Island this is it
Holy cow
Can u believe this?
I kept telling Eric. I was like dude, there is no island ahead of us. Where the heck are we going and then they're like
Right There!
Okay. Wait I can't get off
Geez..
It's a really hard island to land on, holy cow. This is incredible
It's like we're just standing in the middle of the sea.
There's not really any docking here, so he just has to stand here and hold the rope
They've almost lost the boat a couple times, but they're doing a great job. This is the tiniest coolest island
We have officially ever been to. With the wind and the waves. It's just pure chaos, and we absolutely loved it
There's no Sun and there are more islands to get to so we're off
We got our boat back. Yeah!
Y'all it's getting really wavy out here, doing a lot of these
And I think there's a big rain storm over there
Might turn miserable real fast but we're destined to get atleast two more island. That's our goal
There's the funnest part is just getting off the boat Ah gee!
Oh Man
We're so lucky we've got this beautiful pocket of blue sky over there. I don't know if the storm is gonna hit us or not.
Yeah, maybe we'll be okay, we couldn't tell on the boat which way was moving but
All right, I'll take it. But we have made it to the third island
It's called Kangkangon right? this one's surrounded by sand
but then in the middle
You've got a bunch of greenery and it's another Island that we have completely to ourselves other than a few local kids over there
This island hopping has been completely different from the last island
Hopping we did if you want to do it with no tourists and so much more low-key and laid-back
This is the way to do it
Or I guess laid-back a little bit but more adventurous i would say
Yeah, it's more adventurous that's for sure, it's harder
Yeah, but you are gonna get your you know, like classic drink on the beach at the island you go to here
It's just wild and free. Yeah, so on this island, there are some picnic tables set up
There's no one serving any food or drinks or anything like that. I think it's a picnic spot
Yeah, so you can definitely come and bring all your own stuff bring some drinks of your own and have a really good time on this island
I think maybe there's a couple of people living here. There's definitely chickens running around. Yeah. There's a little shack in the middle there
So we saw a couple people here and I definitely think they're living here.
We've got our wet pals around now, how you all doin? good? alright! woooo..
Some of these waves are huge
Oh I got so wet on that one you guys, oh my god, oh we'll be ok
We arrived at our final island Pagbasayan. All these islands
They're always so different when you go island hopping this one is just all of these epic palm trees. They're amazing
This island is more like a little Paradise Island
As you pull up it's lined with all these palm trees where the bottoms are kind of exposed like this
But it just looks so beautiful off in the ocean. It's a little just an island of palm trees
But boy that was a freaking journey getting here oh my gosh. Yeah, it was a bumpy ride. We're soaked. Yes. This is super cool, though
Check this out and no one else is here as usual. It's just so uh..
Enchanted looking. Wild
just
amazing
alright, last island was a
Success all the islands where huge successes. I feel like the rain is about to get us we feel a little sprinkles
So we are gonna hop on the boat and head back
We grab our Tuk Tuks and drive all the way back down to General Luna tonight. Whoo, we're leaving tomorrow. Yeah
we'll make sure to put the details for this tour in the
description below so that you can come and do it when you come and visit and we can recommend this tour enough it was
A blast. Yeah, and it's the Tourism Board who runs this so they're in San Benito
Yeah, and San Benito they're actually putting in a whole bunch of stuff. That's gonna be a huge zip line
I think a water park or an amusement park. They have like kayak speedboats paragliding
All of these are coming later these year
now is the time to come if you want to come here before everyone else figures this place out
yeah, but hopefully it remains like this because this is just
Amazing unspoiled beauty. We have made it into our tuk tuk. We are on our way back down to General Luna.
There's a fearless driver. Hello
This old gal's giving us a little trouble on our way back
some stalls
Barely making it up some of these hills slipping gears like he just did but it's all good fun
But we are actually off to Bali tomorrow. We visited Bali a couple years ago
We're going to go back for it gonna be visiting some more friends there, and it's gonna be so much fun Oh, yeah
But we had an-
But we had an incredible time on the island of Siargao. The people were amazing. The nature was incredible
It's been a crazy adventure that's for sure. Yeah more of an adventure than we ever thought ee were gonna have we absolutely loved it
Here we will definitely be coming back and I know some of you who have visited here are from here
We missed some spots but a lot of things are closed right now until mid-February
So we did our best we tried to see as much as we could and what we did see was fantastic
Right now I'm climbing the biggest hill on the island I think? I think so. It's where the cool view point is, yeah, this is where it all started
All right that's it for us. Goodbye adventurers. We'll see you on the road.
