Good morning! Good morning mga palangga(my love) andit's early in the morning I am craving a
Filipino food and don't misunderstand me
I am not pregnant
and we're not trying. I just really miss to eat filipino food mostly the street food
like chicken intestine, pigs blood and etc. i really miss it!
so anyway as I just remember we have or
I bought a sweet potato
ahh...when was that?
I can't remember when was that. It was...
I don't know but I bought a sweet potato in Aldi
and let's do a banana cue!  banana?? what I am saying???
Let's do a kamote cue(skewered deep fried sweet potato)
Where are the sweet potatoes?
It's right here but I always still think that
they're what they do here is not as
sweet as what we have in the Philippines
but it's okay
at least  my cravings for filipino food will be fill in.
Here it is. I will just prepare this and later mga palangga(my love) will do some chat time
Cuz I have no work today and tomorrow is
working days again so let's just have
some fun. Well, this is fun for me being
at home just relaxed and being with my
husband that's it
but John is working
So where are we?
I got the knife, the peeler and chopping board
I apologise my nose is so itchy
Here it is! Here it is!
Look at that! Isn't it look delicious?
do you want some?
Come on focus. Why it's not focusing? Here it is
hmm I'm really craving for Filipino food
that's why I really need this
I know this is probably some of you thinking
that this is unhealthy. Well in some point yes
but I don't do this often. I just you know every like probably once in a blue moon I make this
so just let me be
Aw! that's hot
I supposed to skewer them but I don't have enough sticks. I just gonna eat like this
but because it's so hot
mmm so good
and I got an apple juice
While I am eating, I will answer also a
few questions so that you will not be bored
and also I will let John try
this and see how he thinks about this
The first question is where did you meet
your husband?
This question we're asked
and asked for repeatedly and I
answered this question many times
but still some of you not aware that I met
my husband through dating site it's a
dating site called date in Asia I will
put the link down in the description so
you can check it if you wanted it and if
you were asking where we met in person
we met in Cebu Philippines
So the second question is why did you choose to marry to marry a foreigner?
Why did I choose to marry a
foreigner?
John is here
Just try one , just one. John is here. I will let him try
john: Smells terrible. Just one. I don't want a large piece. You don't want that. This one. I want the midget little thing ever.
No, a proper one hun
That is a proper one,. I don't want those. Please
What?
john: i don't like
Why not?
I don't like the sugar on them. They're horrible
Fattening!!
Totally unhealthy and any shape or form. I refuse to eat it. Would you like a coffee?
Yes please!
All you have done is wasted our gold sweet potato which we could have our roast
What you mean roast?
Our roast dinner you are making today.
I'm not making roast dinner. We don't have..This is what I have to put up with guys with no roast dinner on sunday
This is what I have put up
guys
his working every Sunday and  it's 
supposed to be a day off day but his working
Hey! i'm having to work because  I am behind
Honey why did you choose to marry a
Filipina? Secret.
Can you just answer a little bit. Why?
Why did you choose to marry a Filipina?
because someone ask me why did I choose to marry a foreigner?
Why did you choose....in your side why did you choose to marry a Filipina?
Because...Come here!
because I was told they are sweet, kind, beautiful
and look after their man like no other woman in the world could possibly be and isn't it true?
Yes darling!
So let's go back to the question because
we were interrupted by John! Interrupted!?!
So the question is why did I choose to
marry a foreigner?
Why did I choose to marry a foreigner?
To be honest I did not choose to marry a foreigner
it just happened and for me personally I always
believed in fate
And to give you a quick rundown with my family background mostly my sisters, my three elder sisters
They got a foreigner boyfriend before and
ended up being with Filipinos, ended up marrying a Filipno
and sometimes I receive comments, a direct messages that...
That saying what are the qualities of Foreigner that Filipino doesn't have? Are they rich? All sorts of questions and etc
For me no one is up and no one is down.
Whatever race you are, we are equal.
And it depends on the person, the individual and your fate.
My sister's their fate is to be married to a Filipino and my fate is to be married a foreigner and so..
To make things clarify as someone ask me if foreigners are rich
I met my husband online and I don't know what he got in
life and you know when you are online
you don't ask those question that how
much money you got in your bank?
All those kind of question. You don't ask
that if you are looking for a genuine person
You learn to connect with them
and see the body language how genuine they are
You don't connect them with what they got
And when you think twice...
Foreigner, Filipino or whatever race you are. We are they same, we are equal...
that we need work to earn money
and so to those people who are expecting that foreigner are rich,
they got plenty of money. Those thoughts are wrong and totally not true. I works they same way
If you work you have money
If you don't work you don't have money. Simple as that.
So that's my answer it just happened and my fate took me and met John
