previously on
Voltaire travels
a hot shower. hot! let's check out how hot it is.
It is approximately a 10 minute speed boat ride to Paolyn Houseboats from Coron Harbor.
We are already here!
Welcome to Paolyn Houseboats!
Arrival area.
Patio.
Sun deck.
Registration.
Our room is being prepared. In the meantime, let's explore.
hello. long time no see. so we are going to Twin Lagoon, by glass kayak,  
it's finally sunny in Coron. We spent 1 week in our hotel room because it was raining and overcast. but now 
finally, the sun came and we're going to explore
Twin Lagoon,, Coron
oh my god, it is so beautiful.
Welcome to paradise.
welcome to paradise.
being here feels like being in a movie.
so after kayaking we 
came back and our lunch is ready (the food looks delicious)
I'm gonna show you now what we got 
Filipino power, rice, some vegetables  
garlic shrimp, curry chicken, vegetables 
rice, handsome Robert and an amazing view
hi guys welcome to coron and welcome to Paolyn Houseboats. So we are so excited we were so  
much looking forward to this this is a beautiful houseboat here on Coron amazing. it's amazing.  
when we first arrived um once again we were a little scared because of the weather but the sun  
has come out. should we book should we not. tomorrow is Robert's birthday it's gonna be nice. Let's book Let's risk it.  
and we got here it was our rainy for um maybe an hour and a half or so but the sun has come  
out. Robert was so sad.  thank God the sun came out so we can record 
something here like in Avatar I feel like in the  
in the movie we're gonna happen it's amazing here and um she mentioned Avatar the surrounding areas  
really feels like Avatar we're gonna drop some drone clips into the video so you can see that and  
we are just so excited to be here it's beautiful so let's give you a tour of the houseboat. 
yeah let's show around here is very nice bamboo um how do you say this? like a dining room area  
you have fresh water there to stay hydrated. we're already charging our batteries  
they have solar batteries so you can charge your stuff.  there's solar panels on the roof and  
there's a fan out here to keep us cool. it's not a super hot day so um you can actually  
order a a generator for 2 000 pesos I believe ($35 USD per day) and they can turn that on we've got a fan out here
here is our balcony area
hello hello from Coron. from paradise Another day in paradise it's unbelievable you will  
never guess where are we gonna 
sleep tonight it's just magic so
It's Paolyn Bamboo bamboo house, half half house half boat
it's a echo house made out of bamboo 
as you can see everything bamboo
it's located on the lagoon it's next 
to Coron town we came here by speedboat.  
I'm so excited you can do snorkeling here you can kayak...
unbelievable.
and welcome to the bathroom let's see what we've  got 
here's the bathroom we have water, tissues 
soap, curtains, and a cute little view. it's an amazing view. yes you can see the houseboat across the way  
and we have this old-fashioned toilet so what is this?  you turn it on and the water comes in whoa  
and turn it off and then it's 
got this pump system here. [pumping noises] harder. harder.
little workout in the bathroom. good job. and then you need to put more water there and we  
are good yes then they have a sanitary engineer that comes and picks up, collects the waste and  
takes it to another Island for proper disposal. 
and of course the shower is here by the way
body soap, shampoo, perfect.
oh my god, you're everywhere.
you're everywhere. do you like it here? yes.
wow! unexpected! I honestly thought that it would be so so, but it's amazing we are in nature far  
from the city from civilization from people it's amazing here I'm excited to go swimming and kayaking  
we already saw the view from the drone and it's unbelievable just like the houses in the lagoon  
I really feel like i'm in a movie 
thank you Robert. you're welcome.
let's go outside and play.
so here is the kayak zone and you can slowly go down and swim and snorkel there's our neighbors
all right time for a little snorkeling and kayaking
okay let's go snorkeling.  we're now in the middle of the lagoon where we're staying  
wow the water is amazing 
but it's so shallow in here
[laughs] we're stuck. 
we are moving. sorry. no bamboo huts. sorry. tomorrow. (we can't get out of the kayak because there are many sea urchins here.)
I forgot my water shoes and Robert's so cool he has his  
fins he's like let's jump! let's 
jump! okay, baby you jump. I'm not.
snorkeling failed. we saw big jellyfish and you
see how we were climbing to this kayak. jump in the water and swim over to the back. 
ha ha ha. what? jellyfish. it was exactly like one minute. 
next is going to be our dinner  
now we're going to go to the hot shower. hot. let's check out how hot it is. did i make it? yes.
my king.
Welcome To Paradise.
Olga, our food is here. Finally, I'm so hungry!
 
set up so nicely. we've got an 
iced tea and calamansi juice yes
pretty girl.
thank you. what is that? 
Bolognese. ahhh. yes. And pasta. 
and the desserts. Robert is on fire today. he ordered two.
the chocolate crepe and brownie. ooohh. is that it? yes, thank you. that's it. yes, that's it. thank you so much.
bye.
thank you. bye. 
are you happy now? yes. did you 
take the plastic off of that? yes.
honestly I might catch a flight tonight. just in time to pick you up and see the sun rise [music lyrics]
days with you are my getaway. peace of mind on a rainy day. [music lyrics]
You know how to show up right on time. Never late. [music lyrics]
You're everything I wan't don't play. 
I wish we had another plate. 
yes, me too. 
excuse me fish... bring a plate please.
why don't we just call the office and say can you boat us over an extra plate?
we actually could but it's 
too much. no?  it's way too much.
they are very kind people. of course. 
so let's eat the pancake with a spoon and knife. bon appetit.
bon appetit. 
look it's the shape of a heart. you have got some explaining to do I thought we were done eating dinner! 
what? I thought we were done.  
we had dinner and dessert
we had dinner and dessert
what is going on?
ta da! round two. 
what the? crepes. crepes. it's a pre-birthday party. oh happy birthday to me.
oooh drinks. it's a pre birthday. 
yum yum yum. oh my! 
woke up in paradise. wow!
good morning birthday boy
he's already droning (flying his drone) outside.
wow so beautiful
I got up  for her let down why do you just let my 
love go hit the ground my heart was the only sound  [music lyrics]
in my bedroom in my head you weren't 
gone I found pieces that you left  [music lyrics]
parts of you I didn't even know I had it 
so I put them on the shelf in my bedroom [music lyrics]
 
I'm pretty sure that it's 
sunny in Balabac right now
Whatever you want my king.
I will go wherever you go.
I will follow you. As you say.
damn we got the cocoa puffs.  
damn you never even eat cereal.
you're lucky you're my boy [quote from the movie Friday]
look at this view it's so beautiful I think
our house is located in like 
in perfect position we can see  
those mountains there you can see 
different mountains on this side  
it was just talking with Robert that 
it's probably the best located house
incredible the water feels amazing
I dream about you [music lyrics]
you.
today is someone has a  birthday.  happy birthday! 
Part 1 of 2 Paolyn Houseboat videos. More on our channel.
if you like this video don't 
forget to like comment and  
subscribe and continue watching the next video
