Hi guys!!
our video for today is about Yudai's favorite Philippine food 
when we are together we usually go Philippine restaurant
is if you wanna know what is his favorite, just keep watching and enjoy,  stay tune
so let's know what is your top 5 favorite filipino food
my top 5
I thought it is top 1 or top 2
why did you chose adobo for your top5 
the reason is so simple, because it's delicious 
let's proceed to top 4
do you know what is giniling?
yes I know
what are the ingredients then
carrot
tomato sauce
rice
how about the meat?
and green beans
onions
that's perfect 
the reason is the same, it is delicious.
let's go to top 3
what do you like isaw?
what do you put isaw on your top3 list?
when I have said my top 5 & 4 the reason why I chose those foods was because of the texture of it, they look the same as some Japanese foods 
but you cannot find any isaw here in Japan. that's why when I thought about some rare foods in the Philippines 
It reminds me when I first ate isaw in the Philippines
rather than adobo and giniling
because you can find the same as the adobo and giniling here in Japan
the image of isaw is very special for me 
I thought about things like that so I did put isaw on my top3 
I was thinking about how I felt when I first ate the foods in the Philippines
but do you know where does isaw came from?
from chicken's intestine?
let's proceed to Yudai's top 2
longganisa is a sausage right? it really taste good but when I compare it to my top 1, longganisa has a weak impression for me
it taste really good that is why chose longganisa rather than isaw
but did you know that every places in the Philippine have different kinds of longganisa?
yeah?
there is a thick longganisa, thin and long longganisa
and like red color...
for me i like pampangga's langgonisa
so every places in the Philippines have different kinds of longganisa
for example I am in davao. can I buy longganisa from pampangga?
yeah of course because mostly it's at super markets
so pampangga is known for its best longganisa
so when you visit to some houses there are different longganisa?
that' interesting
so lets proceed
the top one that we have been waiting for, for a long time
it is still 10 minutes 
let us know what is your top 1 philippine food that you like 
why balut?
for me it is my top one food
because it is delicious
and the texture really looks like the food in the Philippines 
beside of that it gives strong impact for me about rare foods in the Philippines
most of the Japanese really don't eat foods that looks bad
I have a question.. so if you like balut do you also eat the thing inside of it?
yes, I eat all
I can'tttt..
you crack the egg peel it and drink/eat
my reason was the impact of the texture and the taste of it, but I also have some other reason 
sorry..
about traveling..  meeting people and enjoying with them is the great thing to experience when traveling right?
and we get involved with them right?
when I got to experience eating the balut I also got the chance to be part of them
and because of balut I had the best experience to enjoy with them  and be close to them
and if I put all of that, I will choose balut for my top 1
so when you have experience all of that you were really like happy and was your treasure to keep
rather than treasure it was a great experience for me 
although I knew what was balut is, when I first saw it I was really shocked and happy at that time because I could at last got to taste it
beside of that my family and friends were very  happy because they saw you eating the balut and I think that was the best moment between all of us
that is the best thing about balut
so that are my top 5 filipino foods
these are only base from the foods  I have eaten in the Philippines but I think there is more plenty of filipino foods that I haven't tried yet 
 I am sill a newbie so maybe you could suggest some foods I might want to eat or try
so I hope you have enjoyed and learned something from us
so I think you already know some informations about yudai
thank you for watching our video for today so please don't forget to like comment share and subscribe us
we really thank you for watching our video 
