What do you think is special about spending twelve years with someone?
It's very special because it's more of a
celebration of our gratitude for 12 blessed years and counting.
It's hard to believe that twelve years ago, I met Imabelle.... twelve years ago on this day.
Sometimes,
You don't like to think about it because it's like man, that makes you feel like you're getting old,
but the reality is it's special because
There's not many people that
stay together that long whether it's just platonic friends or a romantic relationship.
Marriages
typically especially these days, it seems like there's not a lot of people that make it to that level
so I have to say it is a special accomplishment.
We're having Korean food for our anniversary dinner.
The moments that stand out to me...
recalling our twelve blessed years would be the first trip to the Philippines of mom and dad,
our trip with the family to Baguio, and of course, our trip... me and Travis going to America together.
We had so many great moments together over the course of the past 12 years,
but I would say the most important ones is when Imabelle came to the U. S.
and got to spend so much time with not just my mom and dad again
but also got to know my grandpa, brighten up grandpa's life and get to know him, and
after that I would say a close second would be when mom and dad came to the Philippines
for the first time. Thankfully, we have videos documenting all these precious moments.
And I would say a third that's not on video actually
that really stands out is one of the most fun times
I had with Imabelle is when I came to the Philippines back in
2007 and I was only here about a month in
2007 but we did so much in that short amount of time. We had so much fun!
We're just going to keep the good times rolling. At least, I think we are. There's good times. There's bad times and
that's the way life is. There's ups and downs, but I know we're going to enjoy many more good times together and the hard times
whatever they may be, whenever they come we'll get through them together.
In 2007 when I came here, and we had such a good time. This is actually where we stayed... not really the best hotel.
I don't recommend it, but I think 10 years ago, it wasn't quite as out-of-date as it is now.
We had a good time here, at least.
That was when I was still working full time there in ABS-CBN.
On our first date, Travis took me to the nicest branch of Jamaican Patties in Makati.
Yeah, this is actually what we ate for our very first date.
