Hello my darlings a desire RV a welcome hello my darlings welcome to my channel it hello darlings
It is IR va Rebecca. Welcome to my channel
I hope you're well
And dandy and life is going fairly wealthy forget to subscribe and check the links down below
Cuz there's lots of fruity things going on
Ok, let's get to it
Let's do this
Well, it's on
He comes
It's
Oh
It's
OMG, just then that I heard a little bit of freddy mercury in his voice. I
Know that sounds weird just then
Just then for the higher
parts of his register
Anyway, oh my gosh, I had to slightly take out the effort because it was so piercing. It was so strong
his voice is like
The Frank Sinatra of rock. I don't know whatever
It's just a crazy. Let me continue. He's so theatrical with so much control
Wait, I just say he's already in his mix register
There's no playing around in sort of a chest voice or or just getting into the story the storytelling
It's full in that mix and sureit's into heaven and hell
This is going to be interesting. Isn't it darlings? Okay, let's go
He has such war power
he has such real powerhouse vocals, so strong and resilient and thick and full and
He seems to be staying in that register for now. I'm interested to hear where he goes
With his range and what he can do with his voice
Wait, I always need that moment because I never know what to expect and I just need a slide
And we're good to go
The so much inflection in
his voice and those consonants are well and truly crispy and
It's just the onset every word
every lyric here singing
It's just connected to that breath down below diaphragmatic breathing
Low, as you can go that's right. You heard it here with such
fantastic again tick in the box calm
The ability to perform. He's the use of stage for the fun
The he's a gentleman. He's just it's it's like a circus to him or it's like a playground. He's having a lot of fun and
It's so lovely to hear also no smartphones
Think is again. Oh
Gosh look at him
It's so theatrical
all of this matters obviously musicians the voice the stage the lighting
every part every piece
is part of the puzzle do you not I mean the musical puzzle and another one that is Unleashed from the music so
Wow powerful absolutely command of rhythmic pulses
So extraordinary
Thing is part of this is being a good actor when you can act on stage like this. I love it
I love it's almost like
Musical theater as well. You can't deny darlings. His voice is just so good. I'll give him an A
based on
Ah
That's the stay node there with us freedom there a sound the pharynx is very much clear no
Constriction no fear look at his posture as well backbend. He's like a gymnast
Absolutely marvelous and
so much power exuding from his being it's
Incredible what he has to offer and it's very exciting. I love this and I love the clothes the little costumes. Sorry
I don't know that questions. Is that release as well?
He's like a lion, isn't he releasing the sound out there with no constrictions of airflow?
He has such great tonality to his voice and he's a great manipulator of his tooling
And he had agility on that top like then he had the ability
Wait and another guy another performer who who understands the audience the partnership the participation between them that
urban flow together which makes this
beautiful performance work
Doesn't it doing
But like fan mail, I
Scream
Yeah
Strong from beginning to end
Well, well, well another one bites the dust
as they say a
Very much strong powerful role
orgasmic
orgasmic a
gaznat showers that he was producing
with manipulation tooling
with complete breath support and
Very much a great story teller, did he write that song as well? Because being a songwriter as well, I really do appreciate
A good song and I just think it's fantastic and it's so lovely to be watching these videos that I would not be watching
Normally and I thank you for all your comments down below and I am getting a buzz for him at all
it's kind of like I want to be fed more and and
I just love the ability that I like to watch different types of genres of music. I love to
watch and learn and mimic and I
think it's just a wonderful world that we live in where we can relive music that has been in the past and
Have this high appreciation for what it takes to be an amazing singer like that. It's just incredible. I mean
Really really brilliant singer and a very much
Distinguishable sort of range that he has and from the beginning it was kind of in-your-face
Blowing up well mine anyway, and I just think it's so wonderful and
It's lovely to relive the music with you guys, I think it's really a special special thing, you know, sorry
Thank you so much for watching and hash tag
Never stop singing you were never alone and thank you for your support and your comments and just do love babies
It's really nice to have that and I continue to do my best
With all the copyright strikes going on and with your support my patreon it really helps as well
So I thank you for that. Also. You want to check that out the links down below or my website, Rebecca?
They got asked me to talk
Thank you very much. And yeah, please comment down below. What else you like me to say?
There's a world of music not even discovered yet and I just think
We're so easy just to listen to things that is thrusted in our face that's played on the radio that we are told to watch
but listen to each and I mean
