good morning welcome to Island life 
it's actually raining as we speak  
good morning no no not in it so we're in Siargao 
yeah we're starting it here because we've stayed  
in the most beautiful we're gonna do a video on 
this place but if you're a family or if you're  
um maybe just a couple or on your own and just 
want a bit of Peace away only 15 20 minutes away  
from like the hustle and bustle of the general 
Luna this is ideal we're actually at the base  
of the sunset bridge where everyone goes to watch 
the sunset so we're really close to there also  
sorry I've got a bug on my leg yep Island Life we've got a pool we've got a villa so we've got a  
private pool as well which is a little small one 
perfect for Nyh uh he did nearly fall in and  
drown last night but that's fine you're alright Nyh yeah he's good they've got kayaks they've  
got uh wakeboarding they've got surf boards you can 
use and take out the vibe here is really nice  
the people here are great very very helpful so 
we're going to go and explore today come with us
We're a bit wet. Absolutely sopping but probably the only place 
in the world that I'll be happy in the rain or  
the thunderstorms is on an island because 
this is actually the sun's out beaming on  
us but we're soaking wet you okay Nyh All good. You 
all good? yeah okay we're gonna go and have some  
breakfast slash lunch at a place called Shaka 
it's down on the beach In This Cloud Nine bit
Nyh Nyh's look at the cakes
No no no no so Daddy can't have anything show mummy 
what it is. Chocolates so I said this  
over on our Instagram they have rice 
straw over here which is such a good  
idea why do we have those ridiculous paper ones
what's your coffee I don't know iced caramel latte I think I've never had a  
iced coffee in my life and I've had about five 
since I've been in Philippines quite enjoying them
oh my God Is it good? this is ridiculous try some
wow that looks incredible thank you
it's the first salad I've had since I've been here
I think I've just been living off of uh grilled  
pork belly and barbecue chicken I've got 
this and I don't really know what it is
so this is mango sticky rice
a bit like rice pudding
delicious
wow
and this is dragon fruit smoothie Bowl wow hello
baby we ordered some watermelon though please
Do you know what..
but this is actually really tasty very 
good what are you doing there Nyh Nyh's?.. Playing, let's okay dinosaur T-Rex
so this over here is Cloud9 this is where 
people do surfing and all the water sports  
you can see it's not like an ideal Beach but it's  
got the waves not I know anything about 
surfing but I know you have to have waves
She's got keys yeah now you can see here Island 
life because it is glorious Sunshine now  
Onto the next place...
This is how you can tell if the fish is fresh. Because they bend. 
When they get all floppy, that's 
when you know when their eyes go cloudy it's not 
fresh white snapper because it's white red snapper because it's red
we thought the centre was going to be really 
touristy but it's so local it's the complete opposite  
it's really cool
so we're gonna get some fruits I think you get 
some bananas mangoes and some apples
We've got the goods...
what you got mangoes papayas calamansi 
apples for Nyh and bananas lovely
What can you see Nyh Nyh's? Some fish. Is it a fish?
so this Sunset Bridge
why is it called Sunset bridge I have no 
idea that was a proper mom joke wasn't it  
I'm a bit embarrassed about that one
so there's so many people lining 
the road either side and there's loads  
of people skateboarding everyone's 
bought their mopeds down here
It's very popular
What's happening Nyh? Nyh Nyh's
we're going to clap for him ready whoa
Go to dinner... yeah okay
so we're in a place called Bravo and we're going to have some dinner it's supposed to be really  
nice here Lawrence booked this earlier so we 
definitely have a table it's quite busy here
perfectly it's a really big leaf
we haven't taken our shoes off 
for a good while
hello
some spice oh you want Spice
spicy is mints by the way
I feel like I could get use to this no shoe life you know... I like it a lot.
