Hello guys!! how are you?!
We're not fully sync
- Min, you supposed to go second...am I?
Yohan, you're after me
Again?
- No, keep on going
We're here at Hanin Town Restaurant
I call you to come here to treat you guys
What time is it?.... it's currently 4PM
You should have your tummy filled before start working
I prepared 2 kinds of food, I'm not the one who cooked it... I ordered them here
You guys will be satisfied with the foods
It's tasty and healtttt....healltt...healthy
The first meal will make you happy
- What is it?
Secret, let's try it first
Don't you know I hate seafood!
Is it your treat for me?
- I didn't expect the chef will cook seafood
This is "Bicol Express"
- Is this?
The chef cooked it like this
It's different from what we had before, if you watch this video for the first time, you guys didn't know the we cooked Bicol Express before
(We link the video on the upper right corner)
Please show our previous video
- Don't order me around
For who didn't watch the video yet
Try the big chili
- You go first
Let rock, paper, scissors decide
- What kind of method they used to cook this
Is this the Bicol express we have known?
We only have one chili, so we have to share
- You already touched it with your bare hands, don't put it back
I know Yohan love spicy foods
- Who said that to you?
Take this one (Mussel shell only)
Don't put it back after you touched it
Is it spicy?
Wash your tongue with this
- I can't swallow it, it's too spicy
Okay, let's try it
You know that Filipino chili and Korean chili is different from each other
Filipino chili is small and red
- Labuyo?
Yes, the spicy one
This is the Korean type of chili
In Korea, the bigger chili is, the less spicy it is
So you're spicy?
It must be eaten with sauce mixed with rice
Is it taste like the original Bicol express?
- Yes, the sauce is based on coconut milk
Tastes good
As much as I know, the one we tried before is the original way of cooking
- The one we squeezed the coconut milk by ourselves
When I order Bicol express on a restaurant, they serve the same as the one we cooked before
It has white color?
- Yes
Why did you ask like you didn't know
Korean people like Bicol express because of it's spiciness
Please, someone take my chili... it's too spicy
They put crabs in it
- I think they added chili oil and seafood in this Bicol express
It's not bad that they cooked this with seafoods
But Yohan doesn't like seafoods
Before I came here, I couldn't hold my hunger... so I ate some snacks, but this Bicol express makes me hungry again
Even I told you I will treat you some food, you did eat something
- I was exhausted to wait
Who likes crab?
The crab is full of meat inside
Did they catch this in Bataan?
I think I'm a real man, because I already got used with the spiciness
- Okay, keep on trying
Try this one too
Try it!
- Later...
Right now
This is the labuyo, right?
- Yes, give it a try
Okay, I will try it later
Bicol express sauce goes well with rice
Before, the Bicol express we tried to cook is delicious.. and this is also good in it's different way
The taste like spicy that Koreans will really love
I'm wondering if this is the original or just a rendition of it
I have no idea
- As much as I know, the one we tried before is the original recipe
But Min said this is the original
- I just spit anything
He is a famous chef
- In Pampanga
It's really harmonize with plain rice
The sauce is colored red but it taste like coconut milk
Few days ago, I went around in Angeles to buy some materials
Then I saw a famous sisig restaurant
So, did you try it?
- No, but I thought I will have to try it with you guys
Where is it?
- In Angeles
Let's try it next time
- It's near AUF (Angeles University Foundation)
I heard that in Pampanga, there is a famous sisig resto. is it the one you're talking about?
- I think so
It's not finish yet, we still have one more food to try
And the other one is...(Tongue tied)
- What happened to you?
It's spicy
The next meal makes you guys healthy, you need to be healthy
- Why?
You look so weak
These days I'm so tired
