Okay, so right after I posted my video about
Captain Steel being DC Comic’s first Filipino
superhero, Marvel Comics decides to release
the very first image of their very own Filipina
superhero named Wave.
Of course you already know, I had to make
a video about it.
But this video will be a little different.
This video will be a first impressions and
analysis video about our very dear, Ate Wave.
For those who don’t know, Filipino artist
Leinil Yu revealed on Saturday the official
sketch of Marvel's newest Filipina superhero,
"Wave."
Filipina Wave will be appearing with other
new Marvel superheroes such as Aero and Sword
Master from China in the new series "War of
the Realms: New Agents of Atlas #1" set in
Asia and due to be released this May.
This artwork was released with various Asian
heroes and heroines from the Marvel Universe
but did not feature Wave yet.
Mr. Yu even released some cool concept artwork
of Wave, along with early design work.
It’s really interesting to see these initial
sketches to showcase how much detail the artists
put into making Wave uniquely Filipino and
a standout from her other superhero counterparts.
Prior to Wave, Marvel has already introduced
the "Triumph Division," a group of Filipino
superheroes from the Philippines which first
appeared in the comics in 2008.
I talked a little bit about them in one of
my videos which I recommend checking out after
this one!
Based on first impressions, it looks like
her powers are related to water similar to
that of Aquaman’s.
She has a giant pusit behind her, so I wonder
if she can communicate or control underwater
animals.
Since the Philippines is an island and surrounded
by water, I wonder if her storyline will emphasize
on that.
She also has dual swords which is pretty cool
and reminiscent of Talim from the Soul Calibur
series.
The swords also illuminate which must have
some sort of power tied in with it and are
those wings?
I’ve been trying to figure out what could
be on her back.
Let me know in the comments.
As far as her physical appearance, she just
doesn’t look Filipina to me.
I know, I know, I’m so picky when it comes
to how Filipino characters look in these things.
I was critical of Josie Rizal in Tekken 7
and now I’m over analyzing how Wave looks.
She kinda looks Italian to me, but maybe it’s
just the angle.
I do appreciate that she has tanned skin and
her clothing isn’t a stereotypical barong
or looking like the Philippines flag.
The black, gold, and aqua color scheme is
unique and really differentiates Wave from
any other superhero currently out there.
It’s still early, but I’m excited to see
her background and storyline develop in the
comics.
I’m still hoping that the MCU introduces
her or at least any other Asian Marvel heroes
in the franchise.
I definitely think it’s time and having
Wave as its newest Pinay heroine is a great
start!
As always, leave a like, a comment, and make
sure to subscribe to my channel if you enjoyed
this video and would like to see more!
I have other similar videos on YouTube.com/FrankBernard
so check it out!
Thanks for watching, and I’ll see you guys
in the next video!
