At a bar where people from all over the world gather,
The Filipino singer who sang 'Gangnam Style'
(He's dragging someone..)
Korean >
What happens if bring a Korean from the audience and dance?
The atmosphere of the bar is MAX due to the sudden Korean's dance!
Nihoo, really just subscribe once ㅠㅠ
today...
It rains all day long so, Nihoo moves in the evening.
Inevitably, He reschedule to night market experience!
First, let’s take a taxi GO GO!!
Taxi fare is cheap, around 3,500 won per 10 minutes.
Arrive at SUGBO night market!
Ah, it's like this~
Full of expectations
Wow~~~
Feels like a night market~
Let's walk around here and find a place to eat.
I haven't eaten anything since daytime
Nihoo is very hungry...
(Welcome~)
Shy
It's always a lively neighborhood.
Decided on the pork cup rice! (about 2,400 won)
These guys look really delicious
Even the smell is perfect!!
The other one is chicken skewer cup rice (about 3,500 won)
Just wait 7 minutes
7 minutes OK
Chicken Skewers & Fried Rice
Pork Cup Bob here~
Let's find a place to sit~
Friday night effect! There aren't enough seats...?
But still... no way... there's no sit..
seat GET!!!!
What does it taste like?
snort of satisfaction
But it's salty.....
Salty but delicious(?)
A bite of chicken skewers~
How about chicken skewers!!!
this is really delicious
Foreigners at the next table shyly greeting each other
(Hello..lol)
He's doing a mukbang properly to see if it suits his taste.
Oh this is really yummy
Nihoo was so hungry that he ate every last bite.
Thumbs up
It was a satisfying dinner...
Friends who are just curious about Koreans
They was so excited that even took a picture haha.
Now that I've finished eating, there's a pub nearby so I'm going to there and eat some more.
I need a drink in this weather...
Okay, fair enough.
can't resist drinking on Friday night~
Now let’s go to the bar~
Goodbye, OPPA~
The night market here is reasonably priced, so it might be worth a visit at least once!
I guess they're busking?
Looks like a live pub, not busking?
Wow, Look at the set~
Run away
A cat that runs away without looking back
(a sad human cry...)
Is that different from ours?
(Cat's) Crying?
What the..?
Finally entering the bar~~
Great~ Look at the store.
It feels okay~
Session brothers preparing for the performance
This is the whiskey you ordered~
Let's all have a drink together
This is a friend who makes me want to drink while editing..
(ㅠㅠ Looks so delicious)
The performance team is almost ready
eye contact
Hello~
Typical audience member 1 who was excited to say hello to the singer brother
The stage finally begins
(Wow, It goes in so well)
Let’s all enjoy it together for a moment.
While drinking, Nihoo quickly turns on the camera at the familiar sound of prelude.
Are you Korean??
I don't know why, but the singer is looking for Koreans.
(You’re Korean, right?)
(Come out quickly!)
A singer suddenly asks nihoo to sing on stage.
Content appears everywhere you go haha.
You're here?
Hahahahahahahahahahaha Your tenacity that going up there is amazing too.
(lyrics are here)
Please don't ruin the stage...
Now Singing!
oh?
The reaction is good on site??
Fortunately, foreign guests all enjoyed it together!
(Not bad, right?)
right right
They're looking at him with pleasure
Still, Nihoo is singing hard not to be disgraced!
He have very low confidence in singing.
(Brother, please show us)
A Filipino brother who personally demonstrates
WOW...
(Show me, brother)
Peekaboo, you're good at it
It ends with such a fantastic(?) harmony.
Clap clap clap clap
Good atmosphere~
No, is this right??
Even thinking about it again, He think the situation is funny haha.
ah.....
My hands are still shaking.
Because I didn't know i would suddenly sing here...
(How did you expect this...lol)
Since saw Korea, We should also see Japan, right?
(Japan~?)
applause of anticipation
(Oh, comes out there)
It's Korea-Japan match?
If you stay at the bar here, you can watch talent shows by customers from all over the world.
Wait a minute, what are you two in the mood for~?
Going on stage like this
(Now, just look here and sing)
Shall we take a moment to enjoy a duet between a Japanese couple?
They were a little nervous, but the two of them together are so pretty.
I'll pass the mic!
You have to do it till the end~^^
(Great job, my kids)
They looked at Japanese couple happily as if they were pretty.
Somehow it ended up being a Korean/Japanese song stage haha.
Suddenly they say he can participate in the game by buying beer?
(game?)
Sir!!
If you buy this, you can participate in the game later
OK Just give me one
So, beer comes out....
Actually, He didn't know at the time...
that this beer could send a person away...
Nihoo's TMI that we know in advance: When he drinks, his stomach fills up quickly, so he always drinks soju and water (he doesn't even touch beer)
Later, when I asked him why he bought it, he said that he thought that if he bought this beer, he would get a tip for that performance team..lol.
He fell in love with the song again without knowing his impending fate.
(This is it, this is it)
the Bruno Mars medley.. that's not fair~
Even if you don't say it, you should know this dance~
excited, excited~
he's outgoing!LOL
After all, Friday night! People suddenly flocked during peak time.
This time, a solo performance by a Vietnamese youth follows,
WOW!!!
One or two people responded positively.
Let's all scream together
The atmosphere comes up thanks to one or two people!!
Thanks to them, the atmosphere is getting ripe.
Everyone applauds
Suddenly, the familiar sound ‘KOREA’ appears.
What kind of Korean song do you think you're doing?
Abracadabra?
Are they singing that song?
Do you know Abracadabra?
The pelvic dance that captivated all men in 2009
I can see this here...?
can't keep mouth shut because he don't believe it haha.
(But was prelude originally like this?)
I'm listening to it thinking about 'I guess so~'.
Eye-catching back view
Oppa Gangnam Style
(Oh, it was Gangnam Style lol)
The rhythm is unusual.
The atmosphere has been upgraded with start of Gangnam Style.
Beautiful~ lovely~
Let’s go~~~~~~
(I would like to see the mood of the people in the back?)
The atmosphere is nice, but it feels like something is missing about 2%
Foreign guests suddenly going crazy??
Filipino brother who came down to the audience
(Come out quickly, dude)
yes?
Nihoo is suddenly dragged out hahaha.
Great quickness! Class that recognizes the situation and dances right away
The sudden Korean's dance brought the bar atmosphere to MAX!
Good job, good job~!
You definitely have a lot of confidence when you dance.
He's so struck by it hahaha
I guess Filipino brother thought it wouldn’t work,
(Bro, I'll lead you)
(This is how you dance)
(I'll go a little differently~)
Huh?
wow...
Forcibly taken away
Please save me ㅠㅠ
Seriously, there is no day when there is shortage of content.
Dance again?
Yeah, you have to dance
Oppa Gangnam Style
The origin of horse dance is Korea.
It’s cool~
Customers thoroughly enjoying Friday night
You're so full of energy, aren't you?
(Look at this guy’s speed control?)
Since he only know horse dancing, so the last part is just random dancing
(WOW)
finally
Gorgeous finish!!
I thought it was the end, but... (isn't it the end?)
Yeah no haha
keep going keep going
He started to squirm at an unexpected full song
(No, when will it end bro)
(I don't care lol)
I want it to end!!
Whatever haha
Why are you doing this to me?!!
You're so talented~ Drink up~
You've finally lost your mind.
(Oh my eyes) Disgusting clips prevention
It's really over now
(Did i get rid of it?)
(Is it over?)
It seems like they just have no intention of ending it lol.
what....?
(He's mine)
I... I'm sorry... Cheer up...
LMFAO
These people see a very nice sight today~
(You are the best)
An eventful stage that somehow ended
reaction legend
returning to seat after the big event.
You're so good at dancing!!!
(Wow, I'm going crazy)
A Japanese friend who finds the crazy tension of Koreans just amazing.
I think Japanese friends were very surprised (amazing...)
really have to do this to be a YouTuber..
Sir
You buy a beer so, play the game.
Oh, play a game?
That's right
Hey, let’s come up.
if this is the case, aren’t you an employee too?
Just drink it all within 45 seconds.
Nihoo can't drink beer, but He's afraid they'll be in a bad mood, so just give it a try
Nihoo was embarrassed because he didn’t know it was a game like this.
He's almost die because so full. hahahahaha
(I really can't drink anymore)
Still, He keep drinking it all the way to the end...
A bottle, success
Yes, there are 2 more bottles left~
Will nihoo drink all the remaining beer?
Before I knew it, Nihu was relying on his older brother.
3
2!!
Awesome! Are you drinking this again?!!!
lol???
He just throw it all on the floor lol.
failed so cleanly
I didn't know it was a game like this...
A hell-difficulty game where everyone who participates fails.
Look at the technic haha.
Dazed
are you okay??
No, I'm so full
My brother came to visit nihoo because he was worried.
Saying thank you to each other
I'm not okay lol
Even the table next to me was worried.
I'm not drunk, I'm just so full ㅠㅠ
The condition looks very bad.
can you take a picture with me?
Japanese students who speak Korean so well!
so kind.
Meeting Koreans who a family trip
Semi-forced (?) subscription completed
I also have YouTube channel
Yewon says she’s not doing much.
I am a singing YouTuber~!
Let’s scold her with a subscription so she can get active quickly.
Nihoo don’t usually ignore requests for photos.
Finally, Nihoo leave for accommodation.
Goodbye~~
My face got a little hot~
You drank so much and sweated, so of course...
In my clothes now...
Ah, the smell of beer!
Still, I made good memories today
I came on a trip this time and everyone was just so kind.
Good memories are piling up one after another~
I heard the next video will be even more awesome?
