So we have here the Pancit Con Lechon.
Let’s get some noodles with the vegetables.
Look at that pieces of pork with the pork skin, pork fat, pork meat.
You have to balance it with calamansi.
Let’s mix it up
Mmm!
Welcome to Foodie Momma Ph!
And I’m finally home, back in the Philippines after two and half years of getting stuck in Singapore.
But I had a great time there.
Really happy to be here.
And I am in Marikina City today.
I’m gonna show you some of the best and some of my favorite local dishes.
And today we’re gonna start with Pancit Con Lechon from Lola Helen’s
Which is one of my favorites and I highly recommend to you.
So, if you are a noodle lover, you’re gonna love this episode, so stay tuned.
Let’s eat some Pancit Con Lechon!
In the 1980s, married couple Ruben and Pancita De Guzman opened a humble pancitan, and named it after Ruben’s mother, Lola Helen.
They have been serving homey and comforting dishes ever since.
Which made them a well-known institution, not only to Marikenos but to anyone who visits the area.
Some of the local favorites are the Sweet and Sour meatballs, Pancit Canton and lots more Chinese Filipino dishes typically served in a Panciteria.
And I can’t wait to share with you the best Pancit Con Lechon in Marikina.
Alright, so we have here the Pancit Con Lechon
Which is the best selling dish here at Lola Helen’s Panciteria and it’s one of my favorites.
This is Bee Hoon or Mee Hoon.
In other countries it’s lke vermicelli noodles that has been stir fried.
What’s special about here is the Lechon which is Lechon Kawali.
They deep fry it and they get all the flavors, the oil.
Boiling and then frying all the flavors from the pork.
And then use the stock to actually stir fry and flavor the noodles.
They stir fry it with different vegetables.
There’s carrots, cabbage and I believe there’s some celery in here.
It’s just topped with beautiful chops of Lechon Kawali which is supposed to be really flavorful.
With a good fat to meat ratio.
So let me show you how I eat my Pancit Con Lechon.
Let’s get some noodles with the vegetables.
It’s freshly cooked in the kitchen, piping hot.
Look at that pieces of pork with the pork skin,pork fat, pork meat.
They normally serve it with calamansi and chili on the side.
I’m going to get the calamansi.
Most of the Filipino noodles need lime or calamansi.
I’m very generous about this because this is a savory salty dish and you have to balance it with calamansi.
Okay, let’s mix it up.
So let’s try to get a bite of the Pancit first.
Mmm..
Just the noodles itself, already very flavorful.
Mmm!
Noodles and vegetable are spot on!
Really flavorful.
Now, let’s try this huge chunk of pork.
It looks flavorful, let’s try it.
Oh my…
You have to follow it with this.
Mmm!
So good!
This should really be on your top list.
If you’re going to the Philippines, you have to find Panciterias or shops that are specializing in Pancit or noodles
Which you will mostly see like Filipino Chinese eateries.
So this is one of the common Pancit dishes that you’re gonna try, Pancit Con Lechon.
So good.
Your turn.
So it’s around.. I think 4pm.
The restaurant is packed with not only customers who are dining in but mostly people who orders for takeaway.
They have what they call Bilao, big circle trays for takeaways
Because Pancit is mostly shared with families and relatives.
It’s one of our stapled during fiestas or birthday parties.
So people come and go with their huge trays of Pancit.
They have so many varieties here.
You can mix it up with other noodles like the Canton.
You can mix Bee Hoon Canton, you can mix Miki Bee Hoon.
And it’s just amazing how they cook it in the kitchen.
There’s like four to five big woks and the cauldrons where they cook pork first
Then, they start stir frying the vegetables and put in the noodles of your choice.
They add water, seasoning, stir fries them, steams a little bit to make the noodles cooked.
It’s very hot in the kitchen.
It’s I think 36 degrees celsius in the Philippines right now
But it’s part of the process, it’s part of the experience.
All the staff here are very friendly.
And Lola Helen Panciteria is already an institution here in Marikina.
I’ve been following them since I’ve known them.
It’s really a staple in our household.
Sharing it with our families and eating it with pandesal or with rice.
It’s amazing, it tastes the same.
The quality,  the memories.
Simply eating this, that has been passed down from Lola Helen to her relatives and now they’re continuing the busines.
It’s still one of the best.
And for me, the best in Marikina.
I highly recommend you try Lola Helen’s Panciteria.
And yeah, this is gonna be a short video for today.
It’s my first day back here in the Philippines.
I’m just so happy to be tasting the foods that I used to eat.
I hope you follow the next videos.
And I’m gonna make some more delicious food videos here in the Philippines.
So stay tuned and I’ll see you on the next video.
Bye!
