I just got a here with my trips plus co-founder Mario Potestades, and so when we talked a bit about
Filipino food
I love Filipino food, and thought should I come back a little bit, Taba, which means a fat every time I go
But it's a beautiful country with beautiful food so Mario tell us about the culture Filipino food culture
Well the food in the Philippines is a fusion of many culture
We've been colonized by the Spanish, so there is a there's an influence. They are colonized by them Americans Chinese were
were there before those countries and
Malay so the food in the Philippines is just a mix of those and you will enjoy
So what's the national dishes?
What are the common ones that you can expect to taste
Well, number one you have to taste "adobo", and "adobo" is
the most common in the Philippines ofcourse in chicken
Chicken yeah with some soy sauce and things like that you can enjoy  "kare-kare" you can enjoy
"Crispy pata" you can enjoy "sisig". "Sisig" I actually
recommend. I like crispy pata for
everyone's
General knowledge is like deep fried pork is like Filipino KFC but k fpk pork
Yeah
Crispy pork knuckle and wearing your garden here in Sydney where you've got lots of Filipino plans
We've got a couple in our hand you're just plain
I can't pronounce these things so Mary's going to do a better job, so what are these?
Things were holding and what are you using yeah? You're holding. This is just some
Small fruit okay, this is called calamansi. It's very sour. They use it for...
dipping, you can put a little bit of soy sauce in that and your chili some chilies if you want
This one this is called "Kang-kong"  this is being used for "sinigang". "sinigang" is very common as a sour soup with...
a prawn, with a fish
If you want whatever, you know ... with
pork with beef
But this is the main ingredients and you will love it. The other thing as well as its seafood is so plentiful and cheap
Australia love Australians love seafood
My son he had Calamari every day
It's so beautiful so much variety, and you get a love it, so come and enjoy the food culture one of the highlights
