 Today, what is Jjajangmyeon for Koreans, not just eating it without saying anything 
 Well, let’s talk about something like this and eat it together 
 What I ordered today is ganjajang sweet and sour pork 
 The rest are just sauces or service dumplings. 
 What is Jjajangmyeon for Koreans 
 This really... (hard question) 
 Jajangmyeon is not a traditional Korean dish, but it is a dish with modern history. 
 In fact, they say it's Chinese food, but there is no such thing as such in China. 
 So, it is Korean, Korean, and Chinese food. In modern times... 
 The basic form of Chinese food has 
 There are two kinds of jajangmyeon, just jajangmyeon and ganjajang 
 Ganjajang is served with a separate sauce. There is not much water 
 This is Jjajangmyeon with a bit more crunchy taste. 
 It is a little more expensive than regular jajangmyeon. 
 In the past, it was said that jajangmyeon was a bit burdensome for the common people to eat. 
 (But) in Korea now 
 (I think) I eat it more than once a month 
 Because it’s really good 
 Is there Jajangmyeon in the Philippines? Is there any? 
 There is 
 There are quite a few Chinese restaurants run by Koreans. 
 There are two ways to eat sweet and sour pork. 
 Boo-mok, dip. 
 I don't know what Filipinos think about the taste of Jjajangmyeon. 
 In Korea, I haven't seen any people who don't like jajangmyeon. 
 I don't know how this taste will feel to Filipinos. 
 These days, many foods are delivered in the Philippines. 
 The delivery culture in Korea is very developed. 
 The starting point of that delivery culture 
 This is Jajangmyeon delivery 
 Koreans say'Chinese house'. 
 It's completely slang. 
 How did the Chinese restaurant become the name of the restaurant? 
 In Korea, it is called so. A place selling Koreanized Chinese food. 
 It's not eating fast because it's eating, this is the normal speed. 
 Sweet and sour pork 
 Besides Jjajangmyeon, it's also called Jjangpong. 
 It is also a very representative Koreanized Chinese food 
 Next time I 
 I will take a video 
 This is pickled radish. 
 It's damn good in Japanese. 
 Pickled radish is Japanese, recipe is Chinese 
 And the final taste is Korean style 
 Korea-China-Japan joint food? 
 If you look at the history of Jajangmyeon, it’s not a food made by Koreans. 
 A Chinese resident in Korea 
 It is said that it was made for Chinese people living in Korea. 
 Before filming this video, I searched for a place in the Philippines that sells jajangmyeon. 
 many. 
 We'll leave some information on some good reviews in the More section below. (Actually, write down the entire list) 
 You might ask how it differs from Chapaghetti. 
 It's completely different. It tastes completely different 
 Chapaghetti is also delicious in its own way. 
 I am not going to eat a lot of food. 
 It’s fun to experience another country (food), 
 What kind of food Koreans usually eat 
 I thought it would be okay to just show these things plainly 
 Raw onion 
 There are many recipes on YouTube. 
 The recipe for making jajangmyeon. 
 Do not. 
 You even make jajangmyeon you've never eaten at home by yourself? 
 This is impossible 
 Koreans buy and eat whenever they want. 
 Cooking Jjajangmyeon requires skill. The chef also gets a lot of money. 
 It's not easy to make this flavor. 
 If you order more than a few bowls of jajangmyeon, you will be given it for free. Grilled dumplings. 
 Shall we see how Baby BulBul is eating in the living room? 
 I can't guarantee that this food suits foreigners' tastes. 
 If you're curious about it, it's a taste worth trying 
 I will organize it like this. Thank you for watching 
