What’s up you guys and welcome to another series of Foodie Momma PH
Together with our special guests Justin Bratton and Claire Jedrek.
We’re gonna explore Justin’s culture as he grew up in the border of Mexico Texas.
We’re gonna have a taco feast and some shots of tequila.
I just want to stare at it for a while.
With the creamy guacamole.
Wow!
Wooh!
And then we’re gonna explore Claire’s food culture as she makes a classic English Breakfast
Together with her Mom’s recipe of Lotus Pork Ribs soup which is really comforting.
It’s like a Sunday brunch thing very chill and laid back.
Did you guys have breakfast?
No we
No not yet okay.
Everyone’s just waiting for me
So much pressure.
Are you ready for breakfast?
Yes.
And then we’re gonna finish it off with Filipino food.
I’m gonna have Justin and Claire try the Filipino Pulutan or beer match
Together with some Filipino beers that are available here in Singapore.
We’re gonna have a feast and they are gonna be surprised with some of the dishes that they haven’t tried before.
Why??
It’s what
Calamari.
So stay tuned until the end of the series.
And before we get to that let’s know more about our guests.
Here’s Justin and Claire.
Hey, I’m Claire Jedrek.
Hello, I’m Justin Bratton.
I’m in the media, I’m a presenter I also work in marketing and media.
And I have my own company with my husband called Film Dispensary.
We’re both known for motorsport and lifestyle.
I’m also a mom of two kids, a boy and a girl.
I’m an actor, tv host, filmmaker and writer.
I host Asia’s Got Talent.
I hosted different travel shows, docu-series on southeast asia.
Generally just out and about.
Having a good time.
It’s got to be live presenting for motorsport.
It is so in the moment, you never know what’s gonna happen.
And I used to present a lot with a GT racing series.
Basically I would go to different countries around the region or internationally.
Interview drivers, get in the pits and just capture the action as its happening and it used to be shown on fox.
Wow, it’s been really quiet the last two years.
It’s actually been great because I’ve been able to spend time with my kids.
Basically I lived out on suitcases.
Every two weeks I was out of the country for presenting or either that for my husband’s racing.
He’s been racing for 15 years or I was in Malaysia doing my testing for cars and for racing.
I got involved because of karting and because of commentating for the national championship.
To be able to commentate you have to know the sport quite well.
So we ended up having this idea that I could put a package together and get sponsorship and go racing.
Favorite show I’ve done has to be Asia’s Got Talent.
But they’re all great!
They’re all fun to hangout with.
And I got to host that show with my best friend Alan Wong.
They’re all fun to hangout with.
And I got to host that show with my best friend Alan Wong.
Which you know when you’re working with your best friend it’s always a good time.
I'm confused.
I’m British born by passport, a Singapore PR.
I was born and raised in the UK about the age of 12 and then we moved to Singapore.
I’m British born by passport, a Singapore PR.
I was born and raised in the UK about the age of 12 and then we moved to Singapore.
My Dad is actually half Polish, so hence my surname is Jedrek, probably it’s pronounced “Jeedrehk”.
I was born and raised in the UK about the age of 12 and then we moved to Singapore.
My Dad is actually half Polish, so hence my surname is Jedrek, probably it’s pronounced “Jeedrehk”.
My Mom is Singaporean Chinese with roots to China.
So born in Texas on the border of Mexico, Brownsville Texas.
Grew up in Dallas and Austin.
My mother is from Myanmar, she was born there way back in the day when it was rangoon in Burma.
She’s actually Burmese, Indian and a bit of English.
And my father is just a good ol’ boy from Texas.
Definitely very Westernized culture with sprinkles of Asian.
I mean as a child, I remember my mom making some sweet sour and I’ll be like what is this weird food?
As I get older I think my taste have changed and I’m a lot more open to it.
I mean as a child, I remember my mom making some sweet sour and I’ll be like what is this weird food?
As I get older I think my taste have changed and I’m a lot more open to it.
Definitely lots of Poll food and roasted chicken.
But my mom did make like a lot of rice as well.
But I’m definitely a sandwich person, sandwich and pasta it’s like a I keep it quite basic.
The culture I grew up in was obviously quite Texan.
But also a bit of a mixture with the Latin American culture as well
Since it has that proximity to the border and that proximity to Mexico.
And I felt growing up, my family since they all kinda from Brownsville on the border.
Identified a lot of ways with Latin American and Mexican culture.
And I think that kind of heavily influenced me as well the food and the music that I like
And obviously you got all that Texan influence with country music
The steaks, you know cowboy shoot em up culture it’s pretty much a part of me.
I also identified a great deal growing up with the Burmese Myanmar side of me because of my grandparents.
My grandfather would always tell stories about Burma and living there and fighting world war 2.
And my grandmother would make a lot of Burmese and Indian food that I would go and enjoy.
Yeah so I identify with just these 3 kind of cultures that are kind of operate independent of themselves.
And together I guess they make up my own world philosophy of some sort of weird way.
It’s simple and it never changed.
It’s like a really nice piece of like fresh bread with just a thin layer of butter
And you taste it in your tongue as you bite into it.
And it gonna have a piece of  cheese and just a really good strong cup of tea with just milk and sugar.
My comfort food is just tacos.
Pastor tacos, Barbacoa tacos, Chicharron tacos I mean these is what I used to have all the time back in Texas.
These are my go-to’s like I have those and I just feel like everything is gonna be okay.
Oooh that’s a heavy question.
Favorite?
Oh my gosh I didn’t see this one coming.
Man I love Nasi Lemak
Uhhmm…
Oh my gosh what do I do?
You know what I’m gonna go with something I always get
I love having that cracked eggs dipped in Kaya toast and having like a Teh Tarik or Singapore coffee with a condensed milk.
It sounds boring but it’s the honest truth.
It’s just Chicken rice.
I just I don’t know it’s simple it’s good.
It’s reasonably healthy.
I’m a Chicken rice kinda guy.
It’s reasonably healthy.
I’m a Chicken rice kinda guy.
I don’t need to have complex dishes to be happy.
I’m a Chicken rice kinda guy.
I don’t need to have complex dishes to be happy.
I grew up on Dalling rice that my grandmother used to make.
So Chicken rice, I can do Chicken rice all the time.
Ooooh…
I got to think about that one.
That’s a good question.
I’m not fussy, my favorite hawker I would have to say.
I mean there’s some authentic ones and then I go downstairs the hawker stores which are like in your foodcourt.
They do a legit Sio Bak downstairs.
They do some really awesome places downstairs.
You pay a little bit of a premium but it’s great at night.
They do some really awesome places downstairs.
You pay a little bit of a premium but it’s great at night.
I know locals here are going to scream blasphemy for saying this.
You pay a little bit of a premium but it’s great at night.
I know locals here are going to scream blasphemy for saying this.
But I lived for a long time next to Newton Circus.
So that’s where I would go for local food.
And so I do identify a bit with that particular establishment.
Even though I know Newton Circus is all about the price
And so I do identify a bit with that particular establishment.
Even though I know Newton Circus is all about the price
And the food is not as high as other hawker places in Singapore you got to get outside of town.
I know.
I get it .
But that’s where I went.
That’s where I go held the cool beers, that’s where I had the Chicken rice.
That was my spot.
What are you gonna do?
I would be a Cheese Pesto Pasta.
If I was I dish what would I be.
I would be Tres Leches.
Because I’m not just one milk I’m 3 individual several milks all sweet but also all very very special.
And I like to think that i also melt in your mouth.
I mean you guys follow me for who I am online.
I’m kinda unfiltered mother person.
Come check out this video, it’s kinda the first time I’ve done something like so impromptu
And I’ve been in my house to show something about my family.
Because a lot of people actually don’t know about me.
We’ve got a lot of projects coming up with robotics and AI for Film Dispensary.
So come check us out for that as well at auto.com.
Alright all you Foodie Momma fans, thanks for joining!
I hope you guys enjoyed watching myself and Khee eat up all these Mexican food
And drink those reasonably festive beverages.
Guys what I’m up to, well I’ve got a Youtube series coming out.
Where I’m gonna hangout with a bunch of  kind of Singaporean influencers
They’re gonna show me some different Singaporean type things so look out for that.
I actually don’t know what we’re gonna call it yet, maybe Texas boy in Singapore.
They’re gonna show me some different Singaporean type things so look out for that.
I actually don’t know what we’re gonna call it yet, maybe Texas boy in Singapore.
No idea.
I’ve got a film coming out that’s gonna be released that we shot here in Singapore.
The short film should be dropping some time next month.
I don’t know what else is going on.
There’s stuff, there’s stuff that’s happening that I can’t quite talk about.
I’m legally obligated to not say anything because I signed my name.
But there’s things that are happening, just follow me on the gram.
I’ll let you know when I can.
Alright all you Foodie Mommas fa fans
Now I’m slurring.
Please keep this in.
10:30 in the morning and we’re just drunk slurring simple basic words.
