Hi guys welcome back to my Channel If you're new to our Channel
Hi it's me zeus and don't forget to subscribe and click that notification bell down Below
so you can Get notified Every time i upload
For Today's video Umm there's Really nothing to do so we're Just gonna go and React
To these What its called in a Heartbeat i will link It Below so you can all Watch It after you Watch This
But for Now i Just want to say hi to our viewers for today hi to jan Mac and paul and
Thank you for watching my videos and
Please continue Watching My videos Because i still have a Lot more Things to offer for you all
If you want to be part of My Viewers of the day Just comment down Below
AnyThing You want Just Say or like okay hello or whatever and
yeah you might be in my next video
Don't further Ado let's start the video so this Would Call in a Heartbeat
Its presence By Ringling college of Art and Design
I
Don't know What's this about by the way so Let's
All See What's?
gonna Happen
To this Little short film
okay Let's see
In the heartbeat oh?
Geez it's cool
Wait What is this like a gay Story it's in a Second. Oh?
If i'm the one Who's like chowing That Apple oh I'm pretty sure it's gonna fall right away ah i guess he likes him oh?
That's the Heartbeat
Let's Get
come on guy
That's Funny
oh
Hard
The Bell Ring
Come on ah?
oh
No, oh my Gosh Woods Will be the people's Reaction
Oh don't
It'S a hard day and a Heartbreak Opportunity oh?
Okay oh so it's Just behind a tree
Poor Heart oh?
He's There?
Alki Right
Oh That's Sweet?
oh
The Lucky Charter And a Heartbeat They see it
Like There's no something Going on like Keys or whatever but no That's it?
My Goodness
There you Go guys Um this Was called in a Heartbeat okay so i Just want to say something to y'all first
This is about My country Which is philippines
As You all know that being gay Here in the united States are much more accepted Than in the philippines
So to all my People
In the philippines i hope being Gay?
In the philippines Will Be accepted and especially?
Give Them Same respect as You all give to others yeah because i also believe that in this Generation
Love Does require Gender it's a Matter of choice
Trust
and acceptance
Because Love is Freedom
YeP so there you go me you're acting
- in a Heartbeat if you Liked This video don't forget to click like and also comment down Below iF you have much more
Suggestion or What you want me to do next
And Also subscribe to my Channel Because i upload Every Monday and see you in my next video Bye Guys peace out
you
