Hey Seoulmates - what's good? my name is
Paul, and this is 'Tastes Seoul Good'! today
I've come to the Hyehwa area of Seoul.
where we are checking out what is
called Little Manila. so there are about
a dozen or so different vendors here. and
they are selling home cooked Filipino
food and other items. and so thousands of
Filipinos who are living here in Korea
come down here to get a taste of their
home country. so I'm gonna check some of
that out. but what I am most interested
in is finding the infamous balut egg.
I've heard it can be found here. so let's
go try to find it.
all right. so we just found this place and
they are selling balut egg.  so they're two
thousand Won per egg. and they're nice
enough to go ahead and warm it up. so the
balut is already cooked. they're going to
warm it up here. so we have to wait
about five minutes. then we're going to
enjoy. so I am equally excited and
scared. so in just a few moments we're going
to break into our balut eggs. alright so I
have just got my balut egg.  so they
went ahead and warmed them up. so this is
a duck egg. so it is a fertilized duck
egg. and they said this one was 18 days
old. so inside is the fertilized duck
embryo. this is actually considered a lot
of good protein in the Philippines. and
apparently it's also know as an aphrodisiac.
I've heard it referred to
as the Filipino viagra. so I've got a few
of these. I've got some salt, and of
course I have some Filipino beer. so this
is San Miguel. so this is going to help
you wash it down as I am a little bit
nervous of this.  so I have
heard there's a method to eating this.
I've never eaten this
before and again I'm really nervous.
because when I was growing up, this
was always on a TV show in America
called "Fear Factor". and they had to eat
these. it was so scary. so I never
imagined I would actually be eating this
willingly. so I'm gonna go ahead
and dedicate this to all my Filipino
friends and subscribers out there. so if
you are watching this from the
Philippines, tell me down in the comments
below if you like balut. and what are the
Filipino foods I should try in the
future? but I think I'm stalling enough.
so I'm gonna go ahead and try this out.
all right so I've cracked the top. so
what I understand i should peel just the
top off a little bit.
all right...
so the first step is to drink
the juice. here we go! tastes just like a
chicken broth. it's kind of egg-y. alright...
so as I go down further, I start to see
the egg yolk. I'm getting more of that
juice down there. so I can start to see
the little duck embryo in here.
so as I'm peeling down, getting a little
more scared of this. but since it
is such a delicacy in the Philippine,s I
have to try it. so I've come down to the
Filipino market on Sunday to do it. so
I've actually been to the Filipino
market before. and I've done a video here.
there's a lot of good food. and if you
want, you can watch that video up here.
I'll link it up here. and it's just kind
of more of a tour of some of the basic
things here in the Little Manila.
and so then here we have the balut. so
I've got the egg yolk and then this duck
embryo. as you can see, there are feathers
there. can you see that? there are actual
duck feathers there. Oh God. so I've got
the different parts. I am just going to
add some salt to this. I don't want to
dissect it any more, because if I do, and
I see, it I'm going to not want to eat it.
so I guess a lot of times people eat
this with vinegar as well. however they
didn't have any vinegar for this. so
instead I'm going to substitute my San
Miguel. so here we go.
Here's to you, Philippines!
Oh...
so the first one, I tried to
eat all in one bite.  and I failed. so the
feathers and everything just got to me.
it got to my stomach. I don't know if
it's just a mind thing or what. but I
have another one here. so I'm going to
try it again. so  I'm determined to eat this.
so I've seen this a lot on YouTube, but
usually the Ducks seem a little
developed. these ones seems super big and
just super feathery. but I've gone
ahead and peeled another balut. so
let's try it out again. Let's try out that
juice. the juice is quite tasty actually.
like I really enjoy that. it's nice and
tastes like chicken with a little bit of egg
flavor. As I'm here, everybody's staring
at me and looking at me. I'm the big western
white man trying to eat balut. and I just
about vomited all over the street here.
I think if this was a little less developed , it'd be
much easier to take down. but the fact
that I can see this, and it is just full
of feathers,
just really turns me off. so you can see
the actual, I guess that is the duck body.
I can see his
little duck brain. and cute  duck face there.
so I guess that would be his cute little
face. kind of hard to see there. so looks
like that was his eye and everything. so
it's a legit duck up in here.
so let me go ahead and there are pieces
of duck flying around. the ducks just too
big.
flavor is just so strong. Really needs some
kind of dipping sauce. yeah I think the
balut has just beaten me. you know just
try one more time.
here's to you!
okay.
No, no... I can't.
sorry. it is the feathers. the feathers
are just like tickling my throat and
automatically just triggering my gag
reflex.
Everything is just about to come back up. I think if it didn't have feathers, I
would be able to eat it, so I definitely
wanted to maybe try coming back another
time and finding this without so much
development of the embryo, all right so
it looks like unfortunately I failed to
eat the balut. so I tried two
different times. of both ways I was
unable to do it. so i'm a little bit sad
about that. but I'm not gonna give up. I'm
going to try and get it later. so if you
have any suggestions on how I could eat
this and actually enjoy and finish it,
tell me down in the comment section
below.
alright and if you have any other
recommendations of Filipino foods or
anything else here in Korea I should try,
again go ahead tell me down the comments
below. I'm gonna end this video here. if
you liked it, do me a favor. give me a big
thumbs up .and click this subscribe
button. it is free, you're gonna like it.
alright until next time have a great day.
I'll see you later. bye.
