We gonna enjoy our food now! Yeah, Keep on driving.
Hot tub time... Hot tub is indeed! Yeah.
Surprise!
What?
Hi guy's! Hey welcome back.
How are you?( Kamusta? ) ~ Road trip time! Yeah.
Say, How are you? ( Kamusta? )
Kamusta? ( How are you? )
Kamusta? Mabuti ( I'm fine ) ~ Kamusta ka diyan?
Ako diyan. You know only John? Who's John?
How are you? Yes...
So, guys we are back for another vlog.
So, today is gonna be a different
because it's gonna be a travel vlog!
Yes! we never have a travel vlog in awhile. Yes, its been awhile. Yeah!
But we're not doing nothing too extravagant, we're going to a cabin down to Tennessee.
Um ~ for two nights! Right? ~ Yeah.
And we are currently driving 
and I got six hours left. ~ Yeah...
I got some coffee. Yeah, coffee is necessary for him
because maybe later I'm gonna be fall asleep.
I believe as soon as she put this camera down she will fall asleep.
Yeah, and I'll coming back with you guy's if I woke up. Okay?
Yeah~ Perfect! Just kidding.
You want a drink?
We have light roast, dark roast, regular and decaf. Which one would you like?
Let's do light roast,
and a little bit of cream in there would be cool.
Hi guy's! So, we got our soup ~
I got my broccoli and I saw some carrots 
and cheddar cheese and Dominick's sandwich.
Yeah!
Yeah, and more coffee for him guys. Both of those 
aren't mine one of those are Herejean. How come?
The front one! I'm just saying I didn't buy two 
for me. Yeah, I still have mine, chai latte.
So, we're gonna enjoy our food now.
Yeah, keep on driving!
Hey guys ~ So, we are here now, 
At the cabin.
So, that's the cabin. So, that's two floors guys.
And ~
Yeah, the name of our cabin, is ~
Ohhh, it's snowing.
Is ~ Animal house.
So, this is where we're gonna be staying. 
So, we're gonna give you some 
quick tour later guys, okay?
Hello guy's! What's up ~ So, we are here now finally in the cabin. We made it.
We look tired because ~ We just woke up.
Yeah, we got back we got to the cabin and 
we totally took a nap because it was a long trip.
We gonna change now and we're 
gonna hop on on the hot tub.
hot tub is indeed. Yeah~
We're here now in the hot tub. Love it it's so warm.
So, how was the hot tub?
Hot tub?
Yeah. Excellent. Excellent? Number one!
Can you do a Dr. Pepper commercial for me?
Dr. Pepper?
Yeah, may I see?
If you're feeling sick, your heart broken?
 Just call 9-1-1 and call my name Dr. Pepper.
Nailed it! Buying all the Dr. pepper.
It's cold, like ~ You will feel like { Just in your head } The breeze of the air coming.
Yeah, pretty cool! 
You got some, make up.
You're leaking. It's okay you're in the hot tub.
No worries about the makeup now. Yeah, I know.
So, here's our deck.
I get a further tour tomorrow of course, 
but ~
That is pretty awesome. And you can see the uh~
Ferris wheel over there!
Say bye ~
Bye... Adios!
After shower we are going to have some snacks.
Hi! { Dom Laughing }
What are you doing?
Hi! What are you doing?
I'm cooking ~ You're cooking? Ohhh...
What are you cooking?
This is uh ~Noodles.
My gift from Dominick.
From me? Ahh, my gift for Dominick.
That's right for my birthday. Yeah!
It was a joke gift but, it was ~
It's a prank gift. Perfect gift. 
Yeah, so now I'm cooking it now.
I'll gladly accept some noodles.
Yeah.
Hi guys! Hey ~ Dinner time lunch time. Yeah, 
 So, right now I'm done cooking and Dominick
prepared our ~ Movie night! Yeah, we couldn't 
connect to the TV up there without the risk
of breaking you off the wall so we're 
just watching it on the laptop. { Okay }
Lucky we bring laptop. Yeah!
So, that's our food guys ~
Looks awesome, Awesome... 
And that's for Dominick.
So, we're eating now!
So, this is the movie that we're watching guys.
Who you think is that?
Comment down below. 
So, we almost done with our movie and ~
As you can see our eyes,
because we just woke up again.
Of course it's a vacation guys.
See that eyebags?
Too much ~ Too much sleep yeah. So ~ 
Yeah, so this is gonna be we continue to watch our 
movie and we still have like an hour to finish it
so we have our popcorns it's almost 
done so maybe we're gonna get one more. { Okay }  
And, we have here our bourbon and Dominick made 
me a bourbon with some ~ What is this here babe?
You got bourbon and Dr. pepper since we 
didn't have coke. Yeah, it's good!
Hi guys ~ It's me again... 
So, for today guys um ~
I'll gonna show you a 
quick tour of our cabin here in Tennessee.
So, this is our door the main entrance and when 
you enter the first thing you will see we have
here our laundry and we put our clothes here we 
have our sink here and this is all the preparation
area so this is a good thing because everything 
is already in here but of course because coffee
is life for Dominick so ~ Just in case already so 
everything is already here and they have a ~
What you call this babe? Dishwasher. Dishwasher 
but we never use it that's why we still have a
lot of stuff in here. And this is where we cooked 
and I already used it last night. That's right! Yeah.
When I know cooked the noodles Dominick's favorite. That is very good!
We have a microwave here.
And some of the stuff here guys it's like all 
the glasses and everything. We have fridge too and 
we bring some of our food just good for two days.
And we got some essentials over here! Yeah, 
Of course, this is the partner in life! Bourbon.
Yeah, that's right. This is the dining table 
so fancy right? I like the placemat. Oh ~
Yeah, very nice. ~ I love it!
So, it's very cool. Yeah ~
And, I like that texture of the wood too.
They did a great job with the cabin. If you saw our 
apartment tour we never eat eating our dining
table guys. That's true! We always eat in here ~ 
Yep, watch some tv or a movie it's usually at
the end of the day when we're eating all that stuff.
Yeah, so yeah this is where we usually eat 
and then watching movies but today we watch 
movies using Dominick's laptop because we want to,
see specific movie. Very true! We have our firewood here but we never use it because ~ I don't know?
I think it's an electric or a gas and there's a dial there
but, there's central air so it's good enough for us!
Yeah, this it our living room over here.
Dominick's love this kind of  couch. { Leather }.
He love it.
We have two um bedrooms guys so this 
is the first bedroom here in the first floor.
Um ~ Yeah! Welcome very nice look at this bed 
frame yeah I love it.
And this is me and this is Dominick.
Some origami? Yeah, and if you look guys 
outside it's a wonderful weather it's snowing.
It is snowing. Yep!
Along with a bunch of fog.
Yeah, and there is another house in there. Yeah ~
We have TV by the way on the top.
Right there ~ but we never use it yet.
No maybe a little bit. And we have some drawers. We love it!
I will show you our first bathroom here.
So, Hey guys ~ We have our toilet, we have 
some window of course baby James over there.
That's my Jeep.
Yeah, he's it's freezing right now. 
And this is where all we prepare ourselves.
Just kidding!
Our towels. We bring our own towels.
And welcome to our shower room.
Let's go upstairs. { Okay }
I don't want to go outside because it's freezing.
Camera man? I don't have shoes on.
So, yeah this is gonna be outside. Yep! our nice porch we got to go out 
there a little bit earlier but it's snowing. 
Yep, and in the night time you were able to see
far out there there wasn't any fog and you 
got to see kind of the cities down below.
But there's another balcony upstairs. Yes!
A little more important up there.
It's more on recreational stuff upstairs.
Welcome to the second floor.
By the way this is a real deer.
They preserved it. Yeah? Yeah, so here we 
have here the what do you call this thing babe?
It's like an arcade game. Arcade game and this is 
our full table we've never played it yet not yet.
It's gonna be on the ~ Part 2.
Yeah! Right and want to destroy you.
But, this we already played and Dominick won!
I did! But it was so close though.
Yeah, but I fight though.
You did! That was a close game. I'm learning.
We played that one already. So, this is our high table.
This is good when you're having coffee. Yep,
We have here our closet 
but since we don't stay here on the second floor
so all our stuff is downstairs. { Okay }. 
We never use this. And this our bed ~
This is where we took a nap.
Yeah, when we arrived we took a nap in her.
Another fancy cabinet again... TV~
Over there.
Guys, for your information, 
this bathroom is more better than
downstairs definitely but we don't use it.
Not yesterday we will today.
Surprise ~ What?
We have a jacuzzi here.
So we didn't tried it yet. So, the fancy 
thing guys you can open the window right there.
Right and it sees out into the other room 
which is kind of weird.
Let's find out!
What's up girl?
Good morning ~ What's up  ~ What's up!
I don't know how to open it there you go.
Nailed it.
Yeah, so I got a weird window. You can see there.
It's pretty cool.
We have a bathroom here too and 
some shower as well.
It's more white here. Yeah!
Yeah, so very nice bathroom upstairs.
But the best part is that we 
did use yesterday or last night.
We gonna go outside?
I don't have any shoes on but we got a nice 
hot tub here.
We use it last night. And it was
awesome we did that for a couple hours.
Yeah, we're gonna use it again tonight maybe later when we wake up.
Later when we wake up. Yeah, we have a swings 
over there and an incredible view yeah and 
it is more better because it's more higher. Yeah!
And there is some houses over there guys.
So, as you can see I think these houses or cabins 
here are fully booked because we saw some cars
Very busy. In the drive way.Yeah!
What's your favorite thing so far?
My favorite thing of course, I always like to go for a hot tub
So, first is the hot tub and I like 
the cabin overall but I just don't like having a ~
window which is glass because I don't like it.
Why?
Because, I'm scared with dark.
Because in the night I always saw dark. Yeah?
But overall I love it! That's good.
Especially this bed frame.
Pretty awesome.
We gonna break it in! Oh, NO~
Let's skip over that.
But, I could break in the pool table sounds good.
That's the whole cabin. Yep! 
Time for bed for us. ~ Time for bed.
And we're gonna see you again for day two!
See ya ~ Hope you enjoy! Adios. 
