Have you heard of Jollibee? 
- No, what's that?
Jollibee is a fast food chain from the Philippines and 
have you, have you had any experience with  
Filipino food before? 
- No I've never tried.
I've not heard of this. I've never tried it. 
- Just once.
Once but I've never had it before. 
- This is my first time trying Jollibee.
Yeah, I haven't had Jollibee in probably nine 
months since I came from the Philippines.
So what is your guys' experience with fried chicken? 
- I love fried chicken. I had  
fried chicken last night, so a lot of expectation.
I had fried chicken only in KFC but I think it's 
something different.  
I like to live to my Filipino roots and eat this with rice yes, but if you're 
talking about the style of eating it the  
the best way to eat it is to peel the skin 
off, eat the meat, then eat the skin for last.  
I love eating Korean chicken so I every time I 
hang out with my friends to eat Korean chicken.  
From what I remember about Jollibee in the Philippines 
at least it's history, it started out as a Dairy  
Queen franchise, but then what they decided to 
do different was serve chicken and then their  
chicken started selling more than the ice cream, so 
they just rebranded itself.
- Yeah.
Particular smell but crunchy. I like the crust. 
- Meat itself is pretty good already.  
Has a really good taste but 
the best part this. Listen.
But this is really good. How did they cook it?
How do they make this thing? 
I think the [...] will help  
this chicken because there is a lot of crunch. 
- Tastes just like home, feels just like home.
This is different from Italian spaghetti. 
- Okay, how so?
Okay, unlike Italian spaghetti you might taste that
it has a bit of a sweetness as opposed to 
more of a savory.
- If you say if I have if  
I've had spaghetti with sausages. Yes, I have. 
- Mmm yeah, sweet, sweet, sweet chili, I would say.  
Man it's so sweet.
- Yeah it's sweet.
It's so sweet.
Now this one tastes pretty much like the spaghetti I would expect from Jollibee. You 
know those kid birthday parties that I'd have like  
with my friends back in the Philippines. 
This is a staple there.  
Italian spaghetti you taste the tomato a lot, you taste like the 
spaghetti a lot. In this you taste the sweet  
and sour and a little chili.
- Like do you add 
sugar when you cook, yeah you just put sugar  
like as it's boiling you just add sugar and tomato something.
- The sausages are kind of different. It's  
kind of hard to explain. It feels more expensive, 
these sausages than the ones in the Philippines.  
For me it was very sweet and people who 
love tomatoes they think they will allow it.  
It's new to me. Yeah, it looks 
like Japanese one but the taste is different. 
More like more than spaghetti, it feels like noodles, like Asian typical noodles.
You know what 
like, if they freeze this they can make a lollipop.
Stick like that and they make a lollipop. 
When you think of spaghetti you 
think like, sour tomato sauce  
style. Aside from that just like Myat said I think 
it's more akin to noodles rather than spaghetti  
because spaghetti is generally cooked, their 
noodles are generally cooked to al dente.
That's the Yum Burger!
I just feel they added like, sugar in the meat or something, I'm sorry.
Generally, if I were to think of a burger 
sauce like the ones that you would eat in  
McDonald's, Burger King and be kind of tangy. Well, 
this one instead has like a hint of sweetness to it.
It tastes good. I wish there was like a full one, yeah. 
- Okay, so you would eat a whole burger.  
I can say maybe it's even tastier than in McDonald's 
- For me for me personally, I like simple stuff and  
it's like just really simple, so I guess that's 
the point that made it better than other fast food firms, yeah.
It has a has a little soy taste 
in the burger, which I like.
- I really like it, yeah. I  
feel like the same as the other burgers but I like it. 
- It's simple and very tasty. Definitely recommend.
Oh my god combination between peach and mango. I guess it's gonna be good just-
- I assume there's  
a lot of mango trees in the Philippines. 
- Mango is very popular, yeah.  
To be honest, how should I say, I like sweets but when it comes to pies like, the crunchiness and the sweetness doesn't just doesn't  
go together for me, okay. 
- Did you know that at one point Jollibee had a tuna pie?
Oh, that sounds really nice I would try it. 
- I highly recommend that. That was my favorite dish back in the Philippines.
Why would you do that?
- Well, I mean, it's like you you said  
you don't want too much sweets so then you 
set tuna in the pan.
- Put something else! No tuna!  
Is it including tuna now?
- No, they don't have it anymore.   
I love, I love the mango. I love mango and like peach, right. I 
think that's really good.
I love the crust.
Oh okay, it's not what you expect 
from a pie but that's pretty good.  
As a non-pie fan, how, how do you describe it?
- You could say the the crust is   
something that you don't find in other 
pies like, it's a lot more crunchier and  
a lot more softer, you could say.
- Maybe I just like it because of the mango
So you're good with the mango?
- Yeah, for me this pie was very soft and the feeling was very good  
and comparing with apple pie at 
McDonald's I can say that it's more fancy.  
So if you want to try fancy pie, you should go to Jollibee. 
- Fancy pie. Okay, okay.  
I'm about to say something that's probably gonna get my Filipino 
card remove- revoked but I'm not the biggest fan  
of mango. I actually don't like mango that much 
but I feel like for those who don't like mango,  
this will be something good because the mango 
flavors are, the mango flavor and smell is not really overpowering.
I like it. I like everything but I would try this again. Yeah, I like this most.
I'm probably biased towards the food, 
like the general type of the food  
but I would say chicken, pie, burger, spaghetti.
- oh yeah the burger would be first for me,
then the spaghetti being the last cause it was too sweet. 
It was so unexpected like, spaghetti to be sweet.  
Yep, the burger would be number one, first of all, 
and then the pie, then the chicken and then the spaghetti.
Okay for rank, I will begin with pie, then will 
be burger and chicken and the last spaghetti.  
Honestly every time I order Jollibee, what 
I do order is the spaghetti chicken combo.  
So, but if I were to in terms of like, what I missed 
the most honestly I missed the chicken though, so  
that's probably gonna be number one for me, with 
the spaghetti in close second.  
I love the pie first and then burger and chicken, spaghetti. 
- I remember when I first came here to Canada  
I kept on, I kept telling my friends and 
uncles that the first the, the thing that I  
would say is closest to Jollibee is Church's, so 
I feel like if you enjoy Church's you'd really enjoy Jollibee.
Thanks so much!
- Thank you for having us! Thank you for watching! Bye everyone!
I remember, I remember we had a problem with this!
- Bye bye, enjoy Jollibee!  
All right, thanks for watching! Bye!
Thanks for watching and I hope 
to see you guys next time! Bye!
