Hello guys! Welcome back to a new video.
Today, it's Museum Day in Manila, and I'm so excited for it.
And our cab has arrived.
So, let's go then.
Let's go, guys.
Hello sir.
- Hello sir.
How are you?
- National Museum Manila?
- Yes.
A few moments later.
Okay, thank you, sir.
So, guys, we are here.
This is the National Museum just in front of us, 
but we will go first to the National Museum of Natural History.
So let's see if we can find that one.
So we're trying to find our way here to the National Museum of Natural History,
and I think it's the building over there, but it seems like it's closed off.
Closed. No entry.
And look there in the middle, a huge statue.
What is that?
And here we also have, on the other side, the National Museum of Anthropology.
Beautiful building as well.
It looks similar to the one on the other side.
So from here we have a better view on the statue.
Impressive...
It's the statue of Lapu-Lapu.
It seems they're renovating the area around the statue, so you cannot get any closer.
Oh, look at that! Over there, beautiful murals.
You've got to love those.
Yeah, beautiful murals.
And here we have it.
The National Museum of Natural History, 
located in this beautiful building in neoclassical style.
Amazing right?
It was designed by the architect, by the Filipino architect actually, 
named Antonio Toledo back in the late 1930s.
However, this beautiful building you see was completely destroyed 
during the Battle of Manila and the Second World War.
Later on after the war, it was rebuilt according to the original plans.
Yeah, it's really a magnificent building,
especially after the renovations in 2015
 when they added a beautiful glass dome over there.
The total cost was actually around 1 billion Philippine pesos, which is a lot.
So beautiful.
From here, you cannot see the glass dome.
The best way to see the beautiful glass dome is actually from Rizal Park,
but wow, what an amazing building.
Now enough about this building.
So let's try to get inside.
We found it.
The beautiful entrance of the National Museum of Natural History.
The first thing you notice when entering the museum is the spectacular glass dome known as the Tree of Life.
This amazing structure symbolizes the connection 
between all the unique ecosystems in the Philippines.
The National Museum of Natural History has many interesting objects on display, 
like for example, the skeleton of a sperm whale.
It is the largest of the tooth whales and the largest toothed predator in the world.
Or what about the skeleton of Lolong, the world's largest crocodile ever caught, measured at 6.17 meters and weighed 1075 kilograms.
The reason for his capture was that Lolong was suspected of eating a fisherman 
and also of consuming a 12-year-old girl.
The Bloomberry South Exhibition Hall gives you a closer look at the underwater world.  
Visitors will have the opportunity to experience different kinds of species, which are displayed in large glass jars, or what about this collection of shells? 
In the next gallery, you can find these stuffed animals on display, like the Philippine Brown Deer, the Spot-Billed Pelican, and the Sarus Crane.   
We can also see a beautiful butterfly collection on display.
Another nice view on the sperm whale.
Well, that was a great visit to this museum over here, the National Museum of Natural History.
Now let's go across the park over there to the identical-looking building and visit the Museum of Anthropology.
Let's go, guys.
But before we go there, let's first have some food.
Because Mads is hungry, right?
Oh, so over here, they have a Jollibee.
So I guess we'll go eat at Jollibee then.
The number one Filipino fast food chain in the Philippines.
Jolly Jolly Jolly Bee.
So, time to eat guys.
As you can see, Mads has ordered a super meal.
Some spaghetti, chicken, some beef in mushroom sauce, I think.
And for me, it's a Cola Zero, a bacon burger, Yum Burger and some fries,
and all of this together is actually only 489 pesos.
So 489 pesos, that's like 9,5 euros.
So quite a good deal, I think.
Let's eat.
Let's try the Yum Burger first.
So this is the Yum Burger.
Mmm, quite good actually.
The sauce and the beef, really nice.
It's a bit like a McDonald's burger, to be honest.
To be honest, I like it even more than a McDonald's one.
Look at this burger, guys!
Some bacon, cheese, ketchup...
The beef looks delicious.
Let's try it.
Hmm, so good.
A really nice mixture of flavors.
You know how to make a burger in the Philippines.
Really good.
So, like you can see, we finished everything.
Now let's go to the museum of anthropology.
Cheers guys.
So guys, right now we arrived at the National Museum of Anthropology.
It's this beautiful building over here.
It houses ethnological and archaeological exhibitions.
So let's take a look inside if we can.
Let's go.
So let's hurry up a little bit, guys.
Because it's starting to rain.
Run, Mads, run run!
Oh, just in time, guys.
While the weather outside is terrible, we take some time to visit the National Museum of Anthropology.
It's a journey into the Philippines' past, which is presented through historical artifacts.
Over here, we have some historical items that were recovered from shipwrecks.
Up next, we ride the elevator to the National Living Treasures.
This award is the highest state honor given to a Filipino in recognition of their outstanding work as a traditional folk artist.
The Bangsamoro Gallery is a visual exploration of the different rich cultural heritage of the Islamic cultures in the southern Philippines. 
Bangsamoro is derived from the Filipino term bangsa, which means nation.
While Moro refers to the Spanish appellation 
to all Muslims in the southern Philippines.
The region is known for its ornate decoration, of which many examples are on display here.
Many more nice galleries can be found here, in the National Museum of Anthropology.
Displaying items like weapons, statues, equipment to work on land, 
machines to make clothes, and other types of fabric.
It's a really nice museum to visit when in the area.
So that was a nice museum visit as well.
Now let's go to our final museum.
The National Museum of Fine Arts, which was founded in 1989.
I'm really excited about that one too.
Let's go!
Ah, more rain...
Ah, what a weather, Mads.
So weather like this is ideal to visit some museums, 
that's why we decided to visit some museums today.
Oh, what the weather.
Either too hot or raining, but we're going to make it.
Whoo!
Ah, we made it.
The National Museum of Fine Arts.
Let's quickly go inside.
The first hall you enter in the National Museum of Fine Arts is the Spoliarium Hall.
This hall houses one of the country's most well-known paintings, 
The Spoliarium by Juan Luna.
Wha.
Mads, what are you doing here?
Here we have some paintings that portray the Imperial Japanese Occupation 
during the Second World War.
And in gallery 10, you can find 11 works by Fernando Amorsolo,
the first declared national artist in the Philippines.
There is much more to see in this museum, 
with 29 galleries and a hallway exhibitions to explore.
Works of art from 19th-century Filipino masters, national artists, 
leading modern painters, sculptors, printmakers, and so on.
To end our visit, we have the DR. José Rizal Hall.
Beside being known for his patriotism and acclaimed novels,
he was also a skilled artist.
Another famous artist we have here is Juan Luna, but there is no better place to end this visit than the impressive Old Senate Session Hall.
Amazing right?
So guys, another nice visit here to the National Museum of Fine Arts.
We saw three beautiful museums today, and all of them were free to enter.
So you don't even have to spend one peso to enter 
and see all that beautiful art inside.
Unfortunately, we could only see a small portion of the National Museum of Fine Arts, but still, it was worth coming here.
 
I will go down there and show you the building, 
because the building is actually really, really beautiful.
So that was it for this vlog today.
I hope you guys liked it, and I'll see you again on another adventure, I hope.
Take care, bye-bye.
Cheers!
