Hello viewers, how are you all? I hope you all are fine. once again, I'm here in Manila and today is my 3rd day here in Manila, The Philippines
For first two days, I stayed in hostel which cost me 9 USD but for upcoming two days, I have booked a hotel
This is called "Jupiter Suites" on Makati Avenue
Here in Manila, accommodation is comparable to Thailand & Malaysia in terms of pricing.
but still it's a little bit expensive because the same hotel I got here for $30 I can get for $20 in Thailand or Malaysia.
Now, I have called Grab and I am going to Mall of Asia and Manila Bay very famous places in Manila
Grab will cost around 300 Peso from Makati area to Manila Bay or Mall of Asia
Grab has arrived, let's sit inside and go
Grab is available in Manila but it's expensive than Malaysia, Thailand and other places in Southeast Asia
Viewers, one good thing in the Philippines is that almost everyone can speak English
because English is official language of the Philippines
Therefore, almost everyone in Manila can speak some English
and, while talking to this Grab guy, he said the taxi is owned by some company, if we make 5000 Peso a day then we get 800 Peso commission.
So Grab is the local application here, Uber and Careem are not available here, so this is the local company which is available throughout Southeast Asia
After 20 to 25 minutes I have reached Mall of Asia from Makati area in Manila, and this is very big shopping mall I had found information about it on Google.
I have entered the mall but I don't know if it's Mall of Asia or some other, because I couldn't find the entrance of that mall where I was dropped by Grab Taxi
I have seen bigger malls than this, but I have never seen such a crowded mall in my life. this is crazy man
Really, this shopping is so big, but I came out of that before I would get lost in the mall. I am personally not a big fan of Shopping malls
unless, I have very important thing to do there such as eating out in a shopping mall
I try to show local life in my videos, here you can see outside the shopping mall, a small street with snacks stalls and people walking around.
but once again, it's very crowded here, when you see crowd here, you will forget Pakistani crowd
Now, I am going to the sea side called "Manila Bay"
After walking for 5 minutes from Mall of Asia, I have reached here at Manila Bay
There are so many things here, totally different scene
Since it's Sunday today, it's very very crowded
There is a Theme Park as well here, you can see in the background (Manila Eye) and other rides just in front of the Manila Bay
This Manila Eye will cost 150 Peso, I went there to get a ticket but there was a big que there
And, there are too many People here at Manila Bay, I can't even go there to take a picture
I came here to see the sunset, someone told me it looks amazing here, but today, the weather is cloudy as you can see, so the sun is hidden
it's difficult to see sunset today, but I will try my best to shoot something from the Manila Eye
People are sitting there at the sitting area in front of the sea, so I can't find any place to stand or sit there
This is the theme park just in front of Manila Bay which is quite a good area, people come with families and kids to enjoy their weekend here.
Many rides are available for Kids here, and also you can see small Snacks shops here, looking nice.
You can see here, kids are playing and taking the rides
If you want to see real big crowd then come here at Manila Bay on Sunday evening
I was finally able and brave enough to cross the line and came to this place where you can see the people sitting behind me and also a great view of the sea.
The sunset is just happening right now
Today, there are clouds, so the sun is hidden
so if you are in Manila then you must visit Manila Bay especially at sunset time
Viewers, it's end of the day, I came back from Manila Bay and this is my hotel room you can see here.
I had hired Grab from Manila Bay, and I went to Little Tokyo as well, but that was really little one
Therefore, I couldn't show you that "little tokyo" on my camera.
it was not like that what I had thought about it
so it's not recommended to visit Little Tokyo, I took Grab again from there and came back to my hotel.
So Today, it was Sunday and traffic was normal
and it was easy to travel using Grab in Manila city
Tomorrow, I will make plan to visit another place
I also went to Pakistani restaurant "Kabab N Kurry" and had dinner there, but couldn't make video of that
Thank you for watching this video and I will see you with another video very soon. Subscribe & Share!
