Hello Everyone, My name is Mary and Welcome to our next topic :D 💙
Marrying a foreigner in the Philippines
You must have searched on the web on how to get married
with your foreign partner
or what are the necessary documents to prepare
Don't worry, my husband and I also went through the same process
and we couldn't any single page that answers all of our queries
That's why I'm making this video to help you with your preparation
in getting married in the Philippines with your foreign partner💙
As you guys already know, I'm a Filipina married to an Indian National💙
The list of requirements and the processes that I'm going to tell you doesn't only apply to an Indian National
um.. It doesn't matter if you are married to a different nationality
Like for example, a Canadian.. an American
because the requirements are the same
So please continue to watch because this would be really informative for you
All of the informations that I will provide on this video is from our experiences
You just need these 4 steps to get married to a foreigner in the Philippines
Number one is getting the marriage license
Number two is attending the seminar
Third, is setting the wedding date
And fourth is processing your marriage certificate
Sounds easy, right?
But.. all of these.. steps.. have
an underlying ...annoying processess... in it
so.. but it's fine.. you know you only get wed once
so it's worth the hassle XD
So, let's start off first with getting the Marriage License
Before you can get married, you need a marriage license from the LCR (Local Civil Registrar)
You just need to go to your Local Civil Registrar's Office and ask for the necessary documents
I am from the province of Visayas in the PH
and I went to the LCR and asked what are the necessary documents that I need.. 
to... be able to marry... to my foreign husband
Remember that requirements are deemed to be different
according to your local office's policies
so that's why, it's better to go there personally
And in this case, you don't need to bring your partner with you. 
These are the requirements for the Filipina Wife
and you will need 4 copies of each document.
First, is the Birth Certificate. If you have an NSO copy, it's fine
they might also need ..uh.. your LCR copy if the names aren't clear
What I meant by the LCR copy is...
you have those old copy of your birth certificate
I have it and it's quite really torn
because, you know, we didn't laminated it.. but
you might need to bring it
And...
The second one is the CENOMAR
This is only needed if you are aged above 23 and  if you are below 23, then you don't need this
Next is the Affidavit of Parental Consent to Get Married
This is only needed if you are aged below 23 and  if you are above 23, then you don't need this
Next is the Parental Advice upon Intended Marriage
This is like... uh... a contract that your parents or guardian doesn't have any issue with you marrying your partner.
The LCR already has a copy of this,
you just need to bring your parents or guardians to their office.
Next is your Valid ID or passport 
And.. of course, the payment fee
so, you just need to prepare a total of 775 pesos*
...to process all of these. To get the Marriage License, I mean 
Like that..
Next are the requirements for your Foreign spouse
the first requirement is the Birth certificate
And the document needs to be in English
Next is the CENOMAR
The wife can get this on behalf of Indian husband at the PSA office
This is to know if he has a previous marriage in the PH
Say for example, if you're....
partner is still outside of the country
and... you can... process his CENOMAR
in the PH. You can just get it directly at the PSA office 
... on behalf of him.
Next is the Legal Capacity to Get Married  
The Legal Capacity to Get Married  is really like a...
...long process. This was where we got stuck
 because we need to get this at the Indian Embassy in Manila
So if you are from the province, say for example, I'm from Visayas
We needed to fly to...
to Manila to get...
this Legal Capacity to get Married
And... your partner needs to be there at the PH to get it
because he needs to sign something, and...
he needs to show his face there XD
Next is the Valid ID or Passport 
And of course the Parent's ID
the ID of your partner
This is just in case, they might also need the photocopy of the...
parents ID because of the name clarity
to be safe, just bring copies of it
Like for example, my Indian
uh.. My husband is an Indian... so, you know, their names are kind of complicated
like complicated to pronounce also
So..
umm...
They might need the IDs of the parents of your partner
to... check
... the name. You know, the spelling and etc
That's what they did to my partner
After you passed these documents to the LCR, they'll give you a form to fill.
Here, you need your husband's presence because they need his signature
 and some of his personal information. 
And, once you finish this, they'll give you a pass that you can attend a seminar. 
Now let's go to the next step*, Attending the Seminar
For us, the seminar was held at the City Health Office. 
We asked for a special seminar because we are so crunched with.. with the time.
because the available seminar that they have was* by the.. next week.. >.>
...and we don't have that much time... leeway... to...
to wait for it
Luckily, we got one authorized person to be available at our desired time
So.. the seminar is all about
the Counseling on Responsible Parenthood and Family Planning
You can also ask all of the questions about the legalities on marriage and about healthy family planning.
After you attended the seminar, they'll give you a PRE-MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE
This Pre-Marriage Certificate is the last requirement that the LCR needs
so that they can release your* marriage license
So... you have to...
pass this to the LCR and you have to wait for 10 working days
before they'll release your marriage license
The third step is the Wedding day
Set the date of your Wedding and know whether it's Civil Marriage or Church Marriage
I can't get much information about the Church Marriage 
but there's not much difference in the requirements. You just need to visit the Church for it
Once you passed all of your requirements to the LCR
uh.. the last requirement was the Pre-Marriage Certificate
 ask them at what specific date they will release your marriage license
so that, you know, you can set the date for your wedding day
After you received your Marriage License, go to the Mayor's office or the Judge's office
kung sino yung gusto nyo na mag-wed sa inyo to set the final date for your wedding
You need to bring the papers on the day of your marriage because the signing will happen during that day.🙂
The last step is, Processing the Marriage Certificate
After the Wedding, pass the Marriage Certificate signed by the Judge/Mayor and other witnesses to the LCR.
This is to register your marriage at the LCR. 
Prepare 100-250 PHP so that the office will process your marriage certificate. 
I cannot remember how much was it, but that's the range of it.
If you are rushing to get your Marriage Certificate then, the soonest time that you can get this is...
...in 1 month and 15 days. Around 45 days
The LCR office will only release your local copy of your Marriage Certificate
The day after you pass the Marriage Certificate
Now I'm done with all the steps. Let's go some of the questions that you might ask?
First is, How much is the overall cost from getting the Marriage License to getting the Marriage Certificate?
these are... the list of the...
fees tha we paid during the processing of a marriage license* to
uh... getting...
the marriage certificate apostilled by the DFA
The total cost is 1500-1700 php.
But...
I didn't include the cost for the Legal Capacity because this is really a different topic
There's a lot of things going on... on this document.
You'll have to go to Manila plus the long lists of its requirements. So...
I'll make another video about it later.
I also didn't include the costing for your Wedding. So...
Aside from those, the total cost is just...
1500-1700 PHP, so just prepare this amount*
Next question is...
Are there agencies or people that do the paper works for you?
Well...
Yeah, there are people that do the works for you
There are also people insideof the office who can process...
your documents in a short amount of time
but you have to have connections on this one. And you know,
possible lahat pag may pera ka XDDDD lol
like, you can just pay them /o.o\
Next is,
How long does it take to get the Marriage License upon application?
A marriage license... it took...
them 10 days  to process it all upon submitting the Pre-marriage Certificate from the Seminar.
So....
yeah, 10 days :D
Next is, How to avail the special seminar?
You have to go directly to the City Hall and ask them if they can give you a special seminar. 
Otherwise, you'll have to attend together with the other couples who are getting married by the next next month or something like that
They can only give you a special seminar if your reason is valid
plus if they have an authorized person who is available at your desired time. 
you cannot just, you know, demand a special seminar... and...
yeah it's also better if you know someone from the inside
you know, remember I told you that connections
are vital on this part...  \\o.o//
How long does it take for the Marriage Certificate to be registered in the PSA?
So yeah, the shortest time is 45 days. After that, you can get your...
PSA Marriage Certificate and get it apostilled by the DFA. Because...
If you are like me who's gonna live outside of the country with your partner, then you need your MC apostilled by the DFA... so that,
it will be acceptable to that country. I mean...
You need this so that you can use the document outside of the country. 
For the Meantime, you'll recieive the local copy after 5-7 days of your submission of your marriage certificate 
Next and this would be the last question,
My age is below 23, can I get married?
Yes, you can get married but you need to have a Notarized Affidavit of Parental Consent to Get Married and you have to sign a Parental 
Advice upon Intended Marriage on the LCR.
 You have to bring your guardian or your parents with you because they need to sign it and they need to see them.
If you are above 23, then you just need a CENOMAR.
That's all of the questions that I can think of. :D 💙
So, if you have any questions, just comment it on the comment section below
and i'll try my best to answer all of them💙
Thank you for watching this far. Please like and subscribe on this channel 💙
And see you on the next video. BYE! 💙💙
