I'm not scared of your love show me it or Let 
me go... Hey, friends, Mike and Jess here,  
and welcome to Regeneration Nation TV. This song 
or video has been requested, uh, multiple times.  
Um, kind of hesitant to get to it because it's 
very, very difficult. It's not even any specific  
details; it's a brave husband singing at his 
wife's funeral. And this one is going to hit  
home. I haven't even started to watch the video, 
and I'm already tearing up, so this is going to be  
hard. Um, I can't imagine who was filming this. 
I can't imagine the moment, who was witnessing  
this in the present. Like, this is just... It's 
heartbreaking enough to read those lines. Like,  
reading that is so heartbreaking, and um, I can't 
say that I'm looking forward to getting into it,  
but I'm definitely... I'm definitely curious. I 
just... It's just the emotion. I feel like maybe  
I'm just attached to the emotion. I want to see 
that. Um, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know  
what else to say. Yeah, it's uh... You know, when 
I pulled up today's lineup of what we were going  
to react to, Jess started tearing up immediately 
when she saw the title of this video. Um,  
we're very sensitive souls here on the channel. 
Um, and you know, the last half of the title,  
"How do you heal a broken heart?" It's... We're 
very fortunate to have each other and to have the  
life that we have. And I just count my blessings 
every single day for you and our children because  
I know how fast life goes by, and you never 
know what tomorrow will bring. And, you know, if  
you've ever gone to a funeral, especially if it's 
somebody close to you... You know, I was, I guess,  
fortunate enough to not go to many funerals in 
my life early on. And the ones that I did go to,  
I guess I was distant enough away from the people 
to where it really didn't affect me. And the  
first funeral that I went to that really, really 
affected me was my father's. And it's so hard to  
see them there, in that state. Um, and just... You 
know, I... I had to get up and say a few words,  
and I couldn't even get one single word out 
in a sentence. And I couldn't string sentences  
together at all without just... Just getting super 
emotional. And it was... It's a rough time. So,  
for this man to be able to sing a song... I... I 
don't know how he was able to do it. I just... I  
don't know if 'brave' is even the correct word. 
Like, he's just very, very, very strong when it  
comes to this type of thing because I just... 
I don't have the strength. I don't have the  
strength in those moments like that. Um, but 
yeah, this has been highly requested. And you  
guys obviously want to see us break down and 
cry here on the channel. And so, we're going to  
give you guys what you've been asking for. Uh, 
I'm going to try to stay strong through this.
Let's get into it. Let's do 
this
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
how I don't understand like I 
guess I'm just so different I  
I don't I just have so many questions to this
just I don't know like I'm just we 
all Express things very differently
um here when you're having a funeral it's within 
you know it's within a month less than usually  
you know within 7 Days within 14 days of them 
passing and I I have no idea how he's able to  
not only sing a full song but I mean he's really 
getting into it and expressing these things and  
it's like he's putting on a performance almost and 
I just couldn't I could not I would be completely  
inconsolable during that period I would be 
completely I couldn't even get through a  
sentence let alone sing a song let alone put on a 
performance like he did he's me and this man are  
very different people and just the whole time I'm 
just wondering like how because she that he seems  
very young his wife you can't see the picture of 
her very well but she seems young in the picture  
and I would be completely inconsolable it's one 
thing to spend your entire life with somebody and  
they're they're gone but you had an amazingly 
long life together to be thankful for and you  
know it's it's just their time but I would guess 
somebody passing away that young that they did  
not pass in a natural way or you know something 
had to have happened and especially at that point  
with the circumstances like that I I wouldn't I 
would not be able to perform a song so it's like  
it didn't hit me in my heart it hit me in my head 
of like how is this man able to do this yeah I I  
it doesn't make sense to me I think that's where 
the I think that is where the brave comes in um  
being able to be you can I'm a brave person okay 
so let's not get it twisted I just that's where  
it doesn't like I'm not saying that I'm saying 
like he you can see how that kind of for me you  
can see their Dynamic their relationship Dynamic 
from how he's portraying and his strength like  
obviously there's a window like obviously you can 
see her like he can see her pict for me to be able  
to sing and for him I feel like it was just an 
ultimate tribute to her and he did his like the  
greatest showing of love to her bying going be 
able to do that for you with so much I'm just  
letting you know with so much strength and just 
his final performance to her and I feel like he  
was singing so like loud to where I could reach 
up to her in in heaven and I just thought that  
was such a beautiful tribute this is heartbreaking 
enough I could never ever ever ever imagine having  
to go through this never in a million years this 
is the most heartbreaking thing um on this channel  
I feel like talking about those things that are 
hard so you can work through them this is kind  
of a little bit uh beneficial it's a Bittersweet 
thing to me because I don't want to watch this  
I don't want to see this but people are dealing 
with this every day it's something that happens  
it's a natural part of life and it's horrible 
that this happens but it's almost so beautiful  
to see the tribute that comes out of it or the 
the celebration of life that can come out of  
it I mean you see all these flowers around him 
you see obviously how much his wife was loved  
and he's just singing singing his heart out to 
her like one last singing to say goodbye to her  
how do you heal this broken heart and just those 
lines in themselves is just so heartbreaking I  
can't even I you're right I don't know how he got 
through this I feel like a heartless person I feel  
like a heartless person I'm usually the crier 
between us but this just left me more confused  
than anything because I would want to give you a 
tribute like this I would want with everything I  
wanted so bad to get up there and and give my dad 
the best speech ever and I couldn't because I was  
so inconsolable especially in those first few 
weeks like it took me a long it takes me a long  
time to get over someone passing that's close to 
me yeah and to me this just left me more confused  
at how somebody can get up there it'd be one thing 
if he was turned facing the crowd not looking at  
her but especially when I went up to to to see my 
father and look at his face that's when I broke  
down the most and I I was just I mean Jess was 
there she knows I mean that I was a wreck and I  
would be even more of a wreck if anything were to 
ever happen to you and especially fresh like we're  
talking about within I don't know what the culture 
is like over there but I'm just assuming that this  
is within the first month of her past I I wouldn't 
be able to I I don't understand how he just got  
up there and did that like I I just wouldn't and 
I'm not trying to say that he's heartless in any  
way but he has something inside him that I don't 
have the ability to push that down and be able to  
perform a song like that that that's Inc that's 
incredible that he was able to do that because  
I would want so bad to do that for you I want 
for any body that's close to me especially you  
I would want to get up there and celebrate your 
life and tell everybody with my words or my voice  
or performance that like give them this emotion 
but I I just I wouldn't be the guy M I would not  
be the guy up there being able to do that I'd be 
over in a corner in a bow just crying my eyes out  
for weeks on end and I would be inconsolable for a 
little bit and it'd be very very hard for me to to  
get to the place where he's at I probably couldn't 
even sing my dad a song right now yeah and we're  
10 years removed from him passing away yeah like 
it I'm very very devastated by loss like that on  
that level um so just reacting to this I just 
my mind was racing at like seeing him look over  
and every arm gesture that he was doing and he's 
tapping his feet and it's just I I I'm so confused  
at how he was able to do that yeah and pull that 
off he has a really lovely voice he definitely  
does he definitely has a I just feel like it was 
a beautiful tribute to her he did a really good  
job at just sending her away with that lovely 
it was a beautiful song but yeah you're right  
me singing how do you heal a broken heart while 
looking at I don't even want to say looking at  
you because I just it's something I never want 
to think about in a million years but singing  
those words yeah I wouldn't be able to sing clean 
lyric like that like it would just be so broken  
and so I wouldn't be able to get the words out I 
would be so choked up but yeah I mean even even  
if I were a singer and I was like hired to go and 
sing at someone's funeral I probably wouldn't be  
able to do that yeah just in those environments I 
don't do good at other people's funerals I don't  
do good at other people's weddings I get overly 
emotional in those situations I get flooded with  
with emotion and you I didn't even hear his voice 
crack one time like he was emotionless like like  
he was just he was he was able to take himself out 
of the pain completely for that entire performance  
which is just like I don't understand it it really 
does not make sense to me because like it says a  
brave husband um he's got something else besides 
braveness because I'm I would be the first one  
to go into the Cavern to save you I'd be the 
first one to go into the fire to save you and  
that those things to me take bravery that's like 
what I think of when I think of Bravery this is  
something else that I I've never seen before like 
for you to lose somebody that close to you and  
be able to just suppress all those emotions and 
perform like that I I don't like would you want  
me to do that at like God forbid that that ever 
happens but I I just think that it is a beautiful  
tribute I think that he I think he probably was 
feeling some type of way but he did a very good  
job at not maybe just wanting to make the best of 
the performance and do the best that he could for  
a tribute to his wife so I think that I think love 
can do those things to you I think that you it can  
it can be confusing and you can do things that 
people don't understand um in the Name of Love  
so I I I find it to be very romantic this is such 
a heartbreaking video but I find it to be very  
Ro romantic I do I I've I had those desires like 
those things that you're talking about I had such  
a deep desire I WR I wrote this beautiful speech 
from my father and I had such a desire to to say  
goodbye to him pay his life respects and also send 
like a good message give everybody in the crowd  
like a good feeling and I failed miserably like 
I was just weeping as I'm giving this speech and  
so I'm relating this to my own life experience 
and and it's just like it's so indiffer to the  
feelings that I would feel in this moment and 
so it's like reacting to this I was just more  
in my head than anything just I wasn't even able 
to get emotional during it and it's like man I  
almost feel heartless the way that I reacted to it 
but it's like it's just we're all different we all  
react differently and the fact that it probably 
wasn't yeah probably the fact that you're baffled  
it's understandably so that you're in your head 
about it so I wouldn't I mean it's just it just  
goes to show that we're all very very different 
in the way that we see things and it makes me  
appreciate it even more the different sides of 
of uh looking at it at something yeah yeah if  
if you clicked on this video hoping to see me 
weep I apologize that that's not what happened  
here I'm just I'm left with so many questions 
I would love to speak to this man and ask him  
like how were you able to pull that off like 
where did you go inside of your head and it  
it's like it looks it to me you would have to go 
somewhere inside of your head but he's looking  
through the glass of her and it's just I man I 
I just would never be able to do this I never  
would be able to to do this properly like wow I'm 
I'm really Blown Away by by him being able to do  
that it was a beautiful tribute I think all right 
friends well we hope you enjoyed that reaction um  
we will see you may this beautiful woman rest in 
peace and may He heal um we wish him all the best  
absolutely and his recovery and our hearts God to 
the families and we'll see you on the next one bye
friends
