This video has been brought to you by Nord VPN, the best VPN avalible.
Head over to NordVPN.com/DOMICS and use the code: DOMICS
to save 77% Off a 3 year plan.
[Intro]
[Double Clap] I'm sorry, Gigi.
Dom: Alright. Hello everyone. There's gonna be a different episode. It's not really a hypothetical
We just just felt like talking, you know, I'm here in California right now
We're staying at a Jomm's mom's place, Jomm's mom's-
Jmom's place.
And it made me remember some things of like, what it was like to live at home.
Or growing up Asian I guess.
I'm here today joined by a couple friends. 
Claire: Hello
I am Claire.
Ehlboy: I'm Ehlboy
Jomm: This is Jomm
Dom: I'm sure we all have No slippers in the house.
Claire: No slippers?
Dom: Sorry, no shoes.
Claire: No shoes?
Dom: No shoes, always slippers
Yeah, do you have that basket of slippers at the front door? 
Everyone: Yep
Claire: When people come over we always offer slippers,
There's just an abundance of slippers.
Jomm: My issue with slippers is I end up walking outside a lot on accident with them on.
So it defeats the purpose of having slippers.
It's like I got to get my mail
It's outside and I don't think about I just walk out and then it's like "Well now my slippers are dirty what different are they?"
Now they're shoes.
Dom: Now they're outdoor slippers, permanently.
Jomm: You ever have white friends that go to bed with shoes on?
Ehlboy: Yeah actually new people-
Jomms: Yeah I had friends do that.
First I was visiting his house and he just laid down on his bed with his shoes
Dom: [Gagging sounds] 
Ehlboy: Why though?! That's...
(Eeewwww!)
(So dirty...)
Dom: What's the urgency that you need to have your shoes on at all times?
Jomms: But it's like the opposite for them
It's like if I come into the house and I try to take my shoes off they're like "No just keep your shoes on dude"
And I probably feel safer that way anyways, if I wear my shoes in there. [laughing]
Dom: From an Asian family, we don't really do allowances
I never understood that
Jomms: I didn't either
Claire: Same same
Domics: My friends were like
"I get like $100 a week." Like for doing what? "I don't know for existing?"
Like-
I ask my parents. "Why don't we get allowance?"
They didn't know what that meant. It's like "What's an all-ow-wance?"
Ehlboy: [Whispers] ...I- I got allowance...
[Everyone talking]
Claire: What? 
Ehlboy: Okay but- okay, but
the trade off was, I had to do all the chores in the house.
Jomms: So you're just getting paid?
Ehlboy: But my allowance was like three dollars a week
[pain]
[mixed mumbling]
Ehlboy: That was my allowance.
Claire: That's- that's child labour
(Overlapped voices)
Dom: One of my main methods of gaining money as a kid was when I - uh-
picked white hair from my parent's heads [chuckling] (what?) (me too, me too)
And then they gave me money for each one I plucked out.
Claire: How much did you get?
Dom: It started off like a quarter for a hair and then went down to like ten cents and five cents
and then went down to just like, a penny.
And then they got older- obviously they got more hair, and then they realized,
"Oh this is not a good model, cuz- I'm gonna get bald."
So then they just started dyeing their hair.
Food eating etiquette, yes.
Ehlboy: I mean what you just learned with Jomm's mom, right?
If you eat real fast, they're like, "Oh you must really like the food"
So they just like dumped more food on your plate and then you're just like sitting there full.
Jomms: Yeah, so the trick is just eat really slow. 
Dom: I learn now
Claire: Yeah, we just have a bowl of rice or whatever and we have like all the side dishes in the middle
No one's gonna force you to like get more rice or like get more of this if you're done you're done
Jomms: Yeah, Koreans they'll keep feeding you until they're tired.
It's not a question like "Do you want more?" It's like "Oh, you *WANT* more"
Dom: The "Do" is silent in your sentences
Claire: Just for my family
I don't know about you guys, but every time when I have a friend who invites me for like dinner
Like parents are always like
"oh you have to bring something nice-
You know bring this wine bottle that we've been like saving up for like the past five years"
Yeah you- I invited you to I think it was New Year's dinner?
And then you brought was that like the the bird's nest?
Yeah, I don't even know what it is. Apparently supposed to be really healthy?
Jomm - Bird spit soup things
Dom: Yeah, like you gave it to my parents the instructions were in Chinese like
"we don't know how to eat this"
I'm like, okay. I'll ask Claire.
Claire: I don't know either,
my parents just told me to hand this over and I did.
Dom: Yeah, your mom makes a lot of leftovers
and that's like the mindset my family grew up with
like we always either make too much food
cuz they want to bring it for lunch like to work the next day.
We call it "Baon".
I don't like wasting food.
That's why we have a term for when there's like a little bit of food left and you gotta eat it clean
It's called "Simot".
Jomm: Killings.
Dom: Yeah, kill it to the- *spec*.
Ehlboy: There's like the Chinese saying like
"every speck of rice and your bowl is like that's gonna be on your lover's face" or something
Dom: Lover's face? why-
Ehlboy: Or your like husbands or your wife's face.
Like it'll- like turn into something bad
[laughing]
Wait WAIT-
Dom: So if you don't finish your food your wife becomes ugly???
Ehlboy: Yeah, something like that- yeah.
Dom: Because it's generally known that Filipinos have like flat-ish noses
So like when every morning like instead of just saying like wake up
My mom would just walk into my room and pinch the bridge of my nose. I'm like
"WUh, what's HAPPENING?"
Jomm: I was like Captain America Super Soldier Serum all the time. I had a new liquid a new pill all the time
She every morning she would like Pat my legs down and stretch my legs out
Try to make me as long as possible, and I'm the tallest person in my family
(Laughing)
Claire: And it worked.
Ehlboy: Did you guys have to... Take uh- the Chinese medicine stuff you go to, like the
old chinese doctors, you have a bunch of drawers with like deer antlers and bugs
and there and then you go there you're like,
"I want my kid to be taller", and they're like, 
"Alright, I got you" and I'm like
Yeah, I'm just like weird stuff-
make a drink-
Claire: A potion?
Ehlboy: Yeah, like make a potion. It tastes disgusting.
Dom: A liquid chimera basically.
Ehlboy: We call that  hanyang [spelling?]
I think that Koreans are obsessed with medication that makes you taller
Dom: I guess that's true cuz like all the Koreans in my high school and freedom like we're super tall
I was in between two Koreans Pak and Park
Pak and Park...
Yeah, so I was like in between him and like freaking graduation
It was just like 
(tall ass Korean) 
and then (me), and like 
(another tall ass Korean).
What about clothes? Claire: My mom would just steals my clothing
Especially because we're like about the same height like I would just go home like after - I don't know - University
I have like a month off and I visit going to my closet
Find like 10 things missing
and I look over on my mom and she's like
wearing the exact sweater that I wanted to wear
Dom: Does she do the thing where it's like when she's buying you a gift? She's buying it with the intent that she's gonna wear it too.
Ehlboy: Did you guys have a lot of tutors and stuff?
Dom: Tutors?- well, I did Kumon
Ehlboy: Where I grew up, pretty much every kid had a tutor every day and it's like for every subject if
Dom: If everyone has a tutor, what's the point of going to school?
Ehlboy: There is- there is no point going to school
They learn so much more.
Dom: But then all of the teachers feel like "Man you guys are so smart!"
Ehlboy: Yeah, if he just like "oh, man, all these kids are so smart!" Like no
We just have a lot of tutors helping and-
Dom: I just go to school twice.
Claire: We had like math test and stuff, right?
This is back in China. And I think I got like a 96 and then my mom was visiting from Canada
And the teacher called me out and had a meeting with my mom and she's like oh
This is your daughter's grade. And then my mom looks at it. It's like a 96 "oh this is pretty good!" and she's like
"Nah nah - That's the lowest mark in our class."
Ehlboy: Thats the lowest mark?
Claire: What the frick?
Ehlboy: You get like the... we have like that check mark system -
You get like a check mark ✓ or a check plus ✓+, check minus ✓- :(
(Overlapped voices)
That's it - if you get the check minus ✓- it's like devastating, you're like
"OH NO - I'M dOing BAD!"
A minus - !? Let me just edit that into a plus + ...
*laughter!*
You guys get hit?
Ehlboy: Yes
Claire: Yah...
Dom: I didn't get hit.
Claire: Only in China though
Dom: *I didn't get hit...!*
I got hit verbally and that was...
Claire: I got both!
Jomm: They made us write letters of apologies like if you get sent to the principal's office.
Dom: I wonder if like, principals that actually read that?
Ehlboy: Mine definitely did because you would read it
And if you would like show us our mistakes as we're writing.
And I was like
oh.
[laughing] Dom: So they critiqued your apology!? 
Ehlboy: You're already sorry man!
"You spelled this wrong."
Dom: Take the damn apology - holy crap!
Jomm: There was this is one time in high school
I was in my uh, social studies class or something like that, and I was just sitting there
It's really boring class
And then Gabe kicks the door open
Right? And he- my friend Gabe, uh, he kicks the door up and he's like "Ma'am. I need Jomm, right now!"
so so she looked at him like
"Okay,  alright- what is it- what do you need him for?" 
He's like "It's an emergency"
So I walked out the doors I was like-
"Dude, Gabe what's wrong- did something - did something happen wh- what's wrong?"
And he's like "Dude - I just got you out of class! Isn't that sick?"
I was like,
*Oh fppth!*
And then we just- we just left and then we just want to go hang out till school was over.
When you go to a school, you know how you have to give them your contacts? Like your parent's or whatever?
*Who to call when there is an issue*; and I just put my grandpa so then cuz he can't speak English
[laughing]
Claire: Wow...
There was a point where I-  my friend's mom called me
In the middle like- the night
I'll call him uh, I'll call him Andrew
Dom: Or Randy? Jomm: Or Randy, his mom called me in the middle of the night and she was smart about this
She called me on Andy's cell phone. She took his cell phone
It called me like "hey, what's up?" And she's just crying like this. You just tell me something like
"Oh, my son is doing bad in the school because you the bad friend. I dont want him to talk to you."
I'm just like - oh my god- like, shes like-
"Promise me you will not talk to my son anymore."
Was like "I'mst - what?" I like - I didn't know what to say!
I've never been in this situation where a mom called me and called me a piece of *shit*.
Everyone: [Laughs]
Jomm: So I can't hang out with somebody else like-Jesus Christ.
I- I didn't know what to do
I'm pretty sure me and Randy had to hang out like
secretly or something. I don't know
Ehlboy: Dude, it's like Romeo and Juliet- [laughing]
Dom: Randy, Randy let down your hair!
I can't my mom bowl cut me!
[more laughter]
Jomm: I think for for me, like, a lot of my friends
They had a ban on relationships,
especially during high school, their parents were like
"You cannot have a boyfriend or girlfriend"
They should have just been like
"You can't see your girlfriend, unless you get an A" and then you'd be like, "Okay!"
Dom: Yeah that's like, that's the better incentive.
Ehlboy: Like "If you get an A, like, I'll drive you."
Jomm: "I'll pay for your date tonight!"
Like, I don't know if it was my first or my second girlfriend,
But I remember I told my dad and he's like,
"oh you have a girlfriend?"
"How many?"
And I was just like -
[laughing] Dom: What the fuck??
Claire: What? How 'many'?!
Yeah, they were just like
"Date as much as you can now, because then you- you'll learn, and you won't make stupid mistakes later when you're an adult."
When I grew up, I obviously wasn't the smartest student
and my family was always worried about that, but they kind of got over it
But my grandparents never got over it and there was this one time where I released an animation
It was Ice Cream 2 [?] back in like 2009 or something, right?
And it was the first time I ever got paid for an animation
I got $100 from stickpage.com in back then, it was like a million dollars to a kid, right?
I was like, "Holy crap. I can make money doing this!?"
"I can buy some new bones" But then
my grandpa pulled me aside one night and he's like,
"Hey Jomm, you know, I think it's cool that you like to draw these weird stick people, but you know
I don't want you taking money from the internet because that's *blood money* and
Ehlboy: What? Whoa...
Jomm: It's like "You have to get a real job, you know, you have to- you have to work with your own hands, hard labour."
But once my mum saw, she was like, "Holy crap you would - *this* is what you're doing this whole time?
I thought you were just dumb, like - go ahead keep doing this!"
Ehlboy: See what I thought was interesting like uh- like I went to some art schools and stuff
I would always like notice like-
there's nine girls for every one guy or something-
I remember I talked about it with my mom and she's like,
"You'll notice that none of the guys are Asian."
Like why? and she just straight up told me like
"Asians never let their kids become artists - Especially if they're males."
And then she tells me these stories like
Parents like, they would like, break their kids crayons and stuff like-
[gasps]
Like if they found her kid drawing, they would immediately crush all their dreams- as fast as they can. (Literally crush their-)
"Nooo..."
Yeah, like literally crushed all their supplies and like stop them.
And then the'd give them like- math problems to do or something
I don't know
Jomm: You guys ever been bullied for being Asian in your school like racist- kids?
Ehlboy: Nope.
Jomm: No y-you frickin...
Yeah like "They're all Asians"
Dom: I think- what was the one that was like-"Chinese, Japanese... something knees"
(Look at these?)
Claire: They did that to me and I'm just like
*what?*
[seriously never do this]
Dom: What? I'm F i l i p i n o
*mild laughter*
In high school I was like walking home from uh- from my friend's house
I'm just walking by this house that has, the garage is open\
and a bunch of these little like- f---ppth boy white kids in the garage
And then they look at me and they're like "go back to the railroad"
and I'm like "what the f---ppth? I'm not even Chinese!"
"Look, I didn't contribute to that!"
Took me a while to process what they meant, but I knew it was racist.
*laughter*
Ehlboy: Like, that's all you knew...
Dom: Yeah, it felt racist
Claire: I think people made fun of my accent, because I used to have a Chinese accent when I first came to Canada.
But like that was about it.
Ehlboy: Dude, I don't even worry about it,
I slept and was born here, speaking English all my life-
Dom: I don't really practice Tagalog at home
So when I went to the Philippines instead of speaking Tagalog
I just started speaking English with a- Filipino accent
[laughing]
Try to like, cuz i was trying to blend in
Did you get a Korean name even though you were born here?
Ehlboy: Yeah, I mean like, it's decided by your grandparents, usually
Well like, if you get really traditional, you go to a fortune teller and they assign you a syllable
For the generation you're born in.
Dom: Your second syllable is EH
[Laughs]
Dom: How do- how do you say Park in like Korean like- Korean accent?
Ehlboy: It's just Pak.
I don't know. Dom: Is that another one of variances like Pak?
Ehlboy: Yeah, like mine is like Lee, but there is no L in the Korean enunciation. It's just ee like
||||||REEEEE||||||
Everyone: [Laughs]
Jomm: Is it random but I forgot to mention earlier
in the
getting hit part - there was one time my mom got really mad at me, and tried to throw a shoe
And then she missed and it *pff* hit my brother.
[Laughs]
She's like "You can cash that in later"
Everyone: [Laughs]
Dom: You know what I didn't have as a kid?
Security on the internet. That Nigerian prince still hasn't gotten back to me after all these years...
But hey, if you guys want a peace of mind while you're on the web, check out Nord VPN, easy and simple. Best VPN out there.
VPNs are a great way to protect your privacy and security online,
allowing you to serve the internet anonymously with absolutely no data logging using military-grade encryption.
With its thousands of servers in over 60 countries, it's lightweight and user friendly interface,
you can virtually be wherever you please with Nord VPN. Being in the US at this moment,
it's very convenient for me to access all of my Canadian sites as if I'm still back home and I feel safe doing it too.
But it's not only for Canada.
I want the internet to think I'm in Italy? Done. Head North a little bit,
I'm in Sweden.
Cho Hong Kong? They've got that too.
Super fast servers protect up to six devices at once available on Android, iOS, Windows, and Mac OS
Not sure if you like it? No worries. You have 30 days to get your money back guaranteed.
Once again, that's Nord VPN dot com slash DOMICS with the code DOMICS for 77% off a three-year plan
That's $275 a month my dude. Enjoy!
