Good morning, so today is day two of our time
here in Bohol and we are gonna go and explore
the entire countryside. There's some beautiful spots, including the famous Chocolate Hills.
Can''t wait, Tata is here and we're gonna hop
on in his car in just a second and get going.
Bohol is a lot bigger than we first realized and we spent a good part of the morning driving
out to the first stop in Loboc for a river
cruise. We were really excited for it, especially
since it was going to include lunch, but unfortunately things didn't work out as planned. As we were
waiting an entire tour bus showed up and skipped ahead of us and others waiting. So instead
of losing another 45 minutes sitting around,
we thought it was best to leave for the next
spot on the island. [Music]
350 PHP? (Yes) Each or total?
175 PhP each.
175? Ok. Thank you.
Thankfully our second stop offered lunch as
well and while most of the options were pork,
there was still enough non-pork options for
Gökçe. The only thing we'd recommend is to stick to the
main buffet area, as the food seemed fresher and warmer than the spot we wound up choosing.
100 PHP each ma'am.
100 each? Ok.
So this is Regina, our guide today.
Yes ma'am. (Hi Regina). Hello Ma'am.
You take a picture, closer.
The Tarsiers are the world's smallest mammals and they feed
off of mostly insects and hop from small tree to small trees. And they're primarily nocturnal
so they're not going to be moving right now,
unfortunately.
But, they're so cute they're
like this big. They're like  hand size little things, but of course we expected a little bit more here.
There's just three.
Yeah, there are just three
of them.
Hello my friend.
Well we're not Spanish, but I appreciate the welcome.
(Oh God) Come close,  like that ma'am. (Like this?) Like that, like that.
Then close like that. Then over here (okay). You here sir.
How cool is this!
They're literally on our hands and they're just flying all over. So colorful, this is such a small place, but
the person here makes the entertainment even like more meaningful by like trying to make
sure that you're having the best out of it.
But, time to leave and go to our next stop.
Yes, let's go to the next stop.
Isn't it too graphic? They made it very graphic we don't want to
zoom in what's going on here, but it's weird.
She's, um, you know, watering the uh crops we'll say. (yeah...)
That one for Chocolate Hills,  just
enjoy.
This is ATV and Bugcar riding adventure, okay.
We have also the buggy, which is good
for two person okay. So these vehicles are
both automatic, uh just press the go and stop, so it's very easy to drive.
We're at the Chocolate Hills and we're about to rent a buggy for two people because I want to be able to film it
and also I can't drive. You can actually get
two ATVs for the same price, but unfortunately
since I don't drive, we're gonna be two people having the buggy experience and it's going
to be a very private experience because we're literally going with a guide by ourselves.
So, we're gonna switch on over to the GoPro and we'll see you on the Chocolate Hills.
Yes, let's get out the GoPro.
Good thing you arrived right right now at this time because earlier it's waiting here all
the people is waiting here and all the units
is gone. So they're waiting like 30 minutes. (wow)
Yeah! (oh wow!)
This is your guide okay.
What's your name? What's your name?
Mark Jun
Mark Jun (okay).
Here is your Buggy ma'am and sir. (okay)
You go in the other side.
What's your name? (Steve) Steve. You ma'am?
What's your name Gök?
Ready Steve? (Maybe) Maybe?
Hi Friend! (making chicken noises)
How does it feel like?
Not so bad so far.
Yeah it's an easy drive, right?
Compared to Aruba, much easier.
Should we get out?
Okay ma'am and sir, this is the chocolate hills (points behind)
This is what?
Cocoa (Chocolate) Hills.
The Coca Hills! (That way)
Mark Junhad a few fun ideas on how to really remember our time at the Chocolate Hills and
it turns out he's a pretty good photographer
on top of being a great guide.
After a little bit of a buggy adventure, we are now over to climb up onto one of the top of the Chocolate Hills, 
It's 158 steps so we'll see you when we get to the top, so you don't get out of breath Steve. I think
I think it's been only twelve steps and I'm out of breath.
All right, let's keep going.
How's it going?
Ehh, you know. Doing my best.
Was it worth it?
Oh my god, I can't believe it. Look how beautiful this is.
This was the best part of the day and everything that went wrong,
we forgot it, we moved on. I love being here.
Sometimes two, three or four but now this is
my fourth time in this day.
And you climb up every time?  (yeah, yeah) You have a very difficult job.
Yeah, very difficult.
But also very nice. (yeah) It's very rewarding.
And you don't need to go to the gym. (Where?) Gym. (Gym, no!) you exercise all day.
This is enough. This is enough.
Exactly.
Okay, so I'll be honest being up here and seeing these Chocolate Hills definitely redeemed the
day for sure. It is so beautiful and this alone
is worth it to come to Bohol and see something
that you might not ever see in your lifetime.
We gotta get down the hill because we don't
want to keep Mark Jun any longer out than
we have he's been very patient with us. 
His name is like a brand Mark Jun, come find Mark Jun he's been an amazing guude. 
At Graham ATV here in uh Chocolate Hills, so yes it's been a great experience. (yeah)
All right
Thank you.
Hi darling.
Nope. The first dog that has not liked Gökçe.
This never happens. Never happens.
Filipino dogs do not like you.
I'm quite offended, never happens.
Ready to go.
You need a driver though.
Yes I do need my driver.
Hi. Bye.
Bye.
(Blows kiss)
Hi. Hi.
(Blows kiss) Sending kisses (laughter)
And you're blowing kisses. (laughter)
Good job.
You're welcome (laughter)
Thank you Mark Jun. Your name is like a brand. (Thank you) Come find him, he's the best!
All right, one more stop to go before we get
back to our hotel.
This is the Man-Made Forest. They did it for President Marcos and it's just a giant road, that's built
straight through what I guess, might have been a forest normally beforehand (bus honking), but this road
makes it Man-Made Forest and it is an active roadway, so we're trying... not to get killed
and also maybe take some pictures at the same time. So yeah, be very, very careful (honking)...
and I'm back. So yes, that is why you have to
be very, very careful when you're here. Watch out Gökçe.
Tricycle! Well this time I'm not gonna force Steve to take pictures with me because I feel like I tortured you enough
when we were on the Chocolate Hills. We took for about 100 pictures I believe.
Appreciate that and also it's probably not super safe to take pictures here regardless.
Yeah, I think we should get going, but this is beautiful.
Our road is blocked, so gotta walk to the hotel. Thank you so Tata (thank you), thank you so much for everything.
Hi, how are you doing? (Good evening) what a day.
 Yep, I'm glad we did it but I'm also kind of glad it's over, I won't lie.
Steve fell asleep in the car I forgot to film him.
Yup, but that's gonna be it for our time in Bohol, I think we're gonna just try to relax and enjoy the rest
of the night. We'll continue on with some more adventures in the Philippines, so see you next time.
I've never been this cold on any mode of transport in my entire life, it's crazy. 
(laughter) Freezing.
When everything goes wrong, it goes wrong.
What a terrible weather, what a crazy day so
far.
Sometimes travel is, uh, not pretty.
