The Philippine foreign minister curses out China
The EU suspends its big China investment deal
And why Chinese clergy love the motherland
Thad more on this week’s China news headlines
Welcome to China Uncensored, I’m Chris 
Chappell. This week’s China news headlines.
The Philippines is getting pretty fed 
up with the Chinese Communist Party  
constantly encroaching on its territorial waters.  
And some Filipino officials are expressing 
it in some pretty colorful ways.
Chinese ships have been mooring 
in disputed territorial waters.
And here’s a tweet from the 
Philippine Foreign Minister,  
Teodoro “Teddy Boy” Locsinresponding to that.
China, my friend, how politely can I put it? 
Let me see… O…GET THE FUCK OUT. What are you  
doing to our friendship? You. Not us. We’re 
trying. You. You’re like an ugly oaf forcing  
your attentions on a handsome guy who wants to 
be a friend; not to father a Chinese province …
I think Teddy Boy here might 
be my favorite politician now. 
Imagine if all officials talked to 
the Chinese Communist Party like that.
Hey you ugly oaf, we’re going to circle back 
and kick your butts out of the South China Sea! 
China responded to Locsin’s tweet 
by calling for basic manners.
Yes, the country that uses 
gang rape as a form of torture  
is lecutring the Philippines about manners.
Anyway, Locsin has since apologized 
to China’s Foreign Minister, Wang Yi.
While also bragging about being the original  
Wolf Warrior diplomat. He 
sounds like an interesting guy.
Meanwhile, President Duterte’s spokesperson 
reminded Philippine officials that profanity  
has no place in diplomacy.
Duterte added, “I am the only one who can curse.”
And for clarity, that’s not a joke, 
that’s what Duterte actually said.
Talk about rules for thee, not for me. 
But in a move that could be even 
more explosive than a Twitter fight,  
the Philippines has also rejected a fishing 
ban put in place by the Chinese Coast Guard,  
saying that Filipino fishing boats should 
keep on fishing in their territorial waters.
The Phillipine Coast Guard is 
also continuing to challenge  
Chinese maritime militia 
vessels in the South China Sea.
I’m just waiting for Chinese officials to tell the  
Philippine Coast Guard to 
mind their basic manners.
Speaking of manners, China’s Political 
and Legal Affairs Commission—one of the  
top Party organizations—posted this to their 
Weibo account, China’s version of Twitter.  
The text says “China lighting a fire 
versus India lighting a fire.” It compares  
China’s space launch, to India burning 
bodies of people that died from Covid-19.
Now obviously, this lack of sensitivity 
upset like a BILLION PEOPLE.
And then Chinese authorities deleted 
the post amid a huge backlash.
Even the editor in chief of my favorite Chinese 
state-run media, The Global Times, said China’s  
official social media accounts should “hold 
high the banner of humanitarianism at this time,  
show sympathy for India, and firmly place 
Chinese society on a moral high ground.”
When even the Global Times says a meme was 
too nationalistic, you know it went too far.
But I don’t think the Global Times or the Chinese 
Communist Party are upset about being insensitive.  
They’re upset because they overplayed their 
hand, at a time when they’re trying to woo  
India by being really helpful during 
their current coronavirus crisis.
It’s more than just vaccine diplomacy. 
It’s oxygen concentrator diplomacy.
All this is happening at a time when India is 
trying to ally with the West to counter China.
You know, because China keeps trying 
to take Indian border territory.
And spy on India through mobile apps.
And because China covered 
up the deadly coronavirus,  
which is why it spread to India, which is 
why India has to cremate so many bodies!
And more fun China news, 
coming up after the break.
Welcome back.
You may have heard of Cuban refugees, 
risking their lives to flee to America. 
But now a Chinese man, seeking ‘freedom and 
equality’ says he traveled to Taiwan in a dinghy.
It took him 10 hours to make the 100-plus 
mile journey across the Taiwan Strait  
in a small rubber boat, 
powered by an outboard motor.
Taiwan police arrested him at the port 
of Taichung. When they asked if his  
life was bad in mainland China, “Zhou said he 
believed life in China ‘is all kinds of bad.’”
Well, he’s not wrong.
It’s looking like the EU has effectively suspended 
its proposed mega investment deal with China.
The deal is not officially dead, but an 
official from the European Commission  
said that they’ve basically 
stopped pushing for it.
It’s going to be hard to get the 
European parliament to vote in favor  
of an investment deal with China, when China is 
sanctioning members of the European parliament.
That investment deal was signed at the 
end of December, spearheaded by Germany.  
Got to get those German 
cars into the China market!
But then in March, the EU sanctioned 
Chinese officials for the genocide  
of ethnic Uyghurs in Xinjiang. China 
responded by sanctioning EU officials,  
and now things are just kind of a 
mess. Who could have predicted that?
The EU has also laid out new rules on foreign  
investment that will make 
things tougher for China.
If approved, the rules would give EU 
antitrust authorities a lot of power  
to block investments from Chinese companies.  
The Chinese regime has used business investments 
as a way to infiltrate and undermine the EU.
“The new regulation would help address rising 
European concerns that Chinese businesses,  
bolstered by state support, are 
competing unfairly around the world,  
making rock-bottom bids at public tenders and 
offering unbeatable premiums for acquisitions.”
Of course the rules aren’t targeting 
China. No, they’re just about  
foreign investment. From no country in particular.
Now I don’t often do this on the show, but  
I want to talk to you about Jesus. 
Jesus told us to love thy neighbor.
And as an extension of that, new 
rules for religious clergy in China  
dictate that clergy should “love the motherland.”
Clergy should also “support the leadership 
of the Chinese Communist Party,”  
and “practice the core socialist values.”
It’s in the Bible. Somewhere. 
I think it’s in Corinthians  
with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era.
Now for some reason, these new regulations  
have some asking if Christians 
are next in line for reeducation.
“Authorities in China are detaining Christians in  
secretive, mobile ‘transformation’ facilities 
to make them renounce their faith.”
There’s also reports of a crackdown 
on Christians using social media.
But the Chinese Communist Party may reap 
what it sows. Retribution may be coming.  
Chinese state run media are warning 
about the risks of rising sea levels...
If that happens, they’re going to need 
someone to part the waters—and he’ll  
demand that China let their people go. 
And that my friends is the kind of humor 7 
years of Catholic school education will get you!
Here’s another joke for you.
In the two years since China 
arbitrarily kidnapped two Canadians,  
the Canadian government has ok’d nearly 6 
million dollars in contracts with China.
That’s on top of over 2 
million dollars in direct aid.
And yet, despite the Canadian government 
piling on this kind of immense pressure,  
China still hasn’t released the two Michaels.
That’s the joke.
Meanwhile in the US, Chinese companies 
are having record breaking IPOs.
Yet another way in which Americans are 
investing in China...even if they don’t want to.
And US defense contractor Honeywell has been fined  
13 million dollars for sharing 
military secrets with China.
But don’t worry, because the G7 just met 
and they have a message for China—the  
West ain’t over just yet!
Yes, truly the West is putting up a strong 
united front against the Chinese Communist Party.
By the way, New Zealand has decided not to 
call China’s treatment of Uyghurs a genocide.
And coming up after the break, who’s 
a bigger threat: China or America?  
The answer may surprise you.
Welcome back.
In a new global poll from the Alliance of 
Democracies Foundation, looking at 50,000  
people in 53 countries, the US is seen as a 
bigger threat to democracy than Russia or China.
That’s right, the US has a lot of problems.
And why should we criticize China 
when we have our own issues?
What about how the US treats 
its ethnic minorities?
Isn’t it really the US that’s 
undermining democracy around the world? 
Why do so many people think the US is a 
bigger threat to democracy than China—a  
country where dissidents are put in labor camps 
and people are tortured for their beliefs?
I don’t know. But for a long time, the 
Communist Party has been pushing this logic:  
that no one is allowed to criticize China, unless 
that person himself is perfect. And no one is  
perfect. Except maybe Jesus, but he’d be in a 
Chinese labor camp. So no one could hear him!
And now it’s time to answer a question from a 
member of the China Uncensored 50 Cent Army,  
fans who support us and our 
efforts to expose the truth  
about the Chinese Communist Party on 
the crowd funding website Patreon.
Banana Pancakes asks, “When 
do we cancel China instead?”
Ah, that’s in response to our episode about 
the Oscar winning Chinese director Chloe Zhao  
getting censored in China.
Banana Pancakes, that’s actually a really 
good question. When do we cancel China? I  
would say cancel the Chinese Communist Party for 
clarity. But that’s exactly what needs to happen.  
The Chinese regime is propped up by the West. 
People around the world need to be very clear  
on what the Chinese Communist Party is—a country 
that using gang rape as a form of torture.  
That’s not a regime you should do business 
with. It’s not a regime that you should  
cooperate with on climate change. It’s a pariah 
that you ought to shun at every opportunity.
It’s North Korea with better 
PR. And a lot more money.
That they made from the West.
Try not to buy things made in China. It’s hard, 
but try to make sure you aren’t invested in the  
Chinese market. Don’t support companies that turn 
a blind eye to human rights abuses in China. Tell  
your elected representatives to do the same. When 
do we cancel the Chinese Communist Party? Today.
So how do you get the word out? Well this 
is something I’ve been thinking about.  
Sharing these episodes is a great start. 
But I was considering making, for example,  
PowerPoint presentations about the Chinese 
Communist Party, their human rights atrocities,  
and the threat to global freedom and democracy. I 
was thinking I could make these available to you,  
and you could use them to help educate your 
schools, business, rotary clubs, what have you.  
But, is that something you would be interested 
in? Let me know in the comments below.
Thanks for your question Banana 
Pancakes and your support.
And a big thank you to everyone who supports China 
Uncensored on Patreon. We could not do this show  
without you. So thank you for joining us in the 
fight to expose the Chinese Communist Party to  
the world. If you’re interested in joining, 
head over to Patreon.com/ChinaUncensored.
Once again I’m Chris Chappell, see you next time.
