See if this focused.
You okay?
You alright homie
Yo! What's up everybody. It's your boy JRE. And right now
RED VELVET: BAD BOY
Why am I speaking like that? You know when I talk about Red Velvet. I love me some Red Velvet
I mean last time Joy got my attention. I just love Red Velvet I get I..I okay, so my bias is Wendy
You know what I'm saying for Red Velvet
but
everybody everyone
Every one of them from Red Velvet is so beautiful, so talented, just visuals, dancing
Charismatic- You already know you already know too. Uhh.. you probably wonder who the hell
I'm talking to. He can't be by himself, right now
It's only like his fourth day at this house
But he's getting really comfy- you getting mad comfortable now in my room?? This your first time ever. OH you cute. Let me introduce y'all to
Chance. This is Chance (dies he's so cute)
What's up Chance? But I decided to bring him along.. and this is his little debut to the channel. Say, "what's up"
You just want some Red Velvet? You just want chill and bite on my on my shirts? You a little nervous? You little camera-shy
Yeah, yeah, I got you fam. Yes
Yes
Yes for some in my room because you know I've been letting him get used to the house and everything. He is a Dachshund
Yes, people think he's like a beagle at first. What happened? You know we about to react to like Red Velvet Bad Boy
I know you not a bad boy. I know you don't like that term right? you not a bad... It's nothing wrong
You didn't do anything wrong. We just gonna see something amazing right now. He said JRE put me down. I ain't about this camera life
We about to check out Red Velvet Bad Boy. Anyways, let's get in to this. Let's begin shall we?
Hi JRE. My name is Reka, and I live in Sweden. My favorite KPOP group is BTS EXO and many others
but anyways. PLAY MY INTRO
You so cute GOD
Oh My God!!! the looks you give me the looks you give me is so cute
Red velvet. Red Velvet Bad Boy, MV let's go. Let's begin shall we
oooo that turn back though
You see that turn back?
Yeah beat you watching this too, right?  Oh you like the voice?
Yo, I'm JRE. Oh you probably talking to him. Irene's talking to you. She's talking to you, alright. Your already stealing it all
The attention I see. It's all right, let's go, let's keep on watching
That was Irene. This is Seulgi
And she looking fire
Yeri
She like..Oh, oh you awake now
That's Joy, though
That's Joy. She be like the last comeback. She was like you know she was like damn. You know what I'm saying, alright. Let's continue
That's Wendy, that's Wendy the bias (bae)
That's them all together
It's hot
You actually watching this. What the hell?
OH you see that?
Wait oh, that's yeah, I know I brought chance with me, but I'm like you see I'm looking at him like yo
you like this and he's looking at this. You still looking at it
I mean they are beautiful, and they talented alright. Let's continue. You just waited on me
They're not calling you a bad boy, but to be honest I want to be their bad boy
You know what I'm saying
Okay Yeri
Ooh them eyes though
Damn Okay Joy
They all looking like snacks yo. Be comfortable, it's okay Chance
They got blood on the cake and cash
Ookay. I love inflatable unicorns too. For real like fam
I'm sorry
Damn you are just so mesmerizing like . Okay I see you Wendy
That's the bias
I'll put you down in a little
Oh they is body rollin. You see that. See that body roll though
Ay Ay Ay
AY, go chance go chance
Whoo you know what it's not like I should be surprised because every time Red Velvet comes out. It's always a bop. I don't care
But this though.. Aight fam what you think of bad boy like for real? Tell the people. Tell the people what you think about bad boy
You saw how Joy was like looking at you fam. Joy was... but again. It was good like from the beginning like how it first started off
Like it creeps in
Who that boy
Your still watching it
Joy though
No but for real. Bad Boy that was pretty damn dope. That was.. I liken it. I like that it like creeps in
This boys just looking at my hands thinking I'm like playing with him, but you know what I am playing with you, too
You tell me the comments down below what you think of Red Velvet's Bad Boy because I'm feeling it
Chance be feeling it because he was watching it obviously. You tell them to check it out
You just a baby you're just trying to enjoy music so you say, ooh, that sounds good. I ain't no bad boy
I'm a camera shy kind of boy. What's good you good alright. Thank you. Thank you. I love your kisses by the way
Love your kisses.
Put in the comments down below what you guys think. Like this video, share this video, and subscribe
Your boy made a new video called "They play KPOP here"
Go check it out. Link in description down below. Check all the links in description down below if you curious
And yes that was chance I'm gonna put him down because you know he relaxing
He's just a puppy can't be putting him in all the camera and stuff
just little by little even though you do like looking at yourself though
Keep on dreaming  Jreamers. Dream, Believe, Do, Repeat
If you have a dream out there put some hard work in to it
And it might just come true, and yeah, y'all have a blessed day okay. Till next time everybody. Bye
You good, you want to go down you need to go Pee Pee. You want something to eat. I'll make you something right now. Ooh look at you, you so...
That puppy breath Oh my god
Hey! You better subscribe
Hahaha
