CHANWOO'S LIFE
Hello everyone, this is Chanwoo from CHANWOO’S LIFE
 Today’s video is going to be a review of Filipino snacks 
Did you guys enjoy watching the Indonesian snack review?
I was glad to see that a lot of people enjoyed it
Also, I've been reading the comments
If you keep commenting down below, 
The producer and I will make sure to use them as reference when filming our next video.
(Making of CHANWOO’S LIFE together with Changus)
When I visited Philippines, I really enjoyed the drink “halo-halo” and it’s been stuck in my head
- It’s a really hot country so cold drinks like this tastes really good (Halo-Halo is more popular because it’s a hot country) 
I will add a clickable link right here?
Is it this side?
or this side?
So that you can watch it one more time 
There aren’t a lot of snacks compared to the Indonesian ones, 
but I tried to bring some of the most iconic Filipino snacks
This one has a fish drawn on it 
(fear)
(This one) seems like it’s filled with chocolate 
(This)
Looks like sun-chip 
(Not an advertisement)
There seems to be a lot of snacks that look like “gery”
This one is a fried chicken skin flavored snack
And these are all that I prepared
And I will now try each one of them
(Let’s see..)
The first one should definitely be this one 
(Original gery?)
It’s not gery but a look-alike 
Um.. it’s called?
zuperrr cheese cracker 
It’s a snack that looks a lot like gery 
And I’m guessing that it will have a similar taste
The shape 
and smell
Is just like gery 
It looks identical 
Even the packing is basically the same
(I’m going to try it)
You can’t hear the tornado noise for today's video right?
It’s good
It tastes exactly like gery
 
Honestly, I wouldn’t be able to taste the difference between the two
This one’s basically gery 
And it’s good 
Next, I will try this one
This one's called NOVA
It looks like sun-chip
but it feel like it will have a different taste
Maybe a little more bland
Okay I’m going to try it now
(Checking the smell first)
So, the shape is the same as sun-chip
but the smell is 
(Thinking of how to describe it) 
Sun-chip minus the spicy smell
It smells a little more bland than sun-chip 
And now I will try it 
It’s tasty
It’s tastes better than I thought
It tastes like 
Oh, a Korean Changu mentioned that my taste describing ability has enhanced
and now I feel like I have to make it sound fancier
Why did you say that 
(A youtuber scolding his subscribers)
It’s better than I thought 
and the texture and aftertaste is a lot like sun-chip 
sun-chip has a stronger red pepper-paste taste
and I thought that this NOVA will be more bland
But they added a more savory taste to it 
And it basically tastes like salty sun-chip
And I think that even the Koreans might actually prefer this over sun-chip
Personally, I think it tastes really good 
(Chanwoo’s improving describing skills)
Because I mostly eat Korean snacks
 I think they taste the best 
but when I actually get to review snacks from different countries
I feel like there are a lot of great snacks from each one of the countries 
And now I’ve reviewed NOVA
Next
I keep making eye-contact with this fish 
But I’m going to push this aside
(Chanwoo’s point-of-view)
I’lll go with this one
It’s called Chippy
It says it’s barbecue flavored corn chips
I’m guessing these are corn chips?
NANA corn 
(Not an advertisement)
(Feeling Old)
Wait, did I sound too old just now
We used to have a canteen in my school
And there was this corn chip called nana corn 
and it was like 500 won?
It was so hard to bite to the point it almost broke your teeth 
But we ate that when we really had nothing to eat 
When I said that this reminded me of a different snack
I think it's Doritos 
I’m guessing it will taste similar
And now
(Smell it first!) 
It has a strong smoked smell that I didn't expect
It almost doesn’t smell like a snack
Okay, I will try it
It’s not bad but 
It’s not as good as the first two that I tried 
Am I being too critical?
It tastes like the green Doritos
but it’s more of a low-key version of that I would say
The texture’s a little different
Doritos is crunchy until the end
but this is only crunchy at first 
and gets a little soggy as you eat it
It has a very strong barbecue smell 
Is it smoky? 
(Not an advertisement)
Am I being too old again?
I not sure if kids these days will know it
It’s called smoky bacon chip 
It has that distinct smoky smell, but 
The smoky bacon chip doesn’t smell bad
But for Chippy
I feel like some people might not enjoy the barbecue smell 
when you first sniff it 
That was my personal opinion 
I am open for adverstisments though, 
And the next snack is, 
(Big Decision!) I’ll go with La-La
It this one’s a failure, I’ll go with this one 
And I think would be better to move onto the fried chicken skin chips 
There is no way the this will taste bad
This one looks the best even at first glance so I saved it for later
La-La fish crackers 
Contains 13% of yellow snapper 
Wow, you can definitely smell it right away
I’m not sure about this
anyways, it has a very strong smell to it
Bobby can never eat this
I like seafood 
but for some reason, I can’t really eat snacks that have this fish smell 
though I like snacks like jagalchi chips 
The smell is so strong 
Okay, I’ll try it now
There aren’t any Korean snacks similar to this 
I’m thinking that some might compare this to jagalchi chips
but it’s different
It’s a snack that contains a lot of the actual fish taste 
Personally, I didn’t really like La-La 
(Not a surprise)
And now for the next one
Sponge crunch 
I mean honestly
 there is no way that this one's going to be bad
First, it smells really good 
The La-La chips before
 had such a strong taste
The producer told me that 
 this was one of the most popular snacks in the world snack store 
It looks like this 
It’s a little smaller than I thought 
But I’ll try it now
(It’s so sweet)
It’s really good 
La-La has stimulated my appetite 
Am I being too harsh on La-La?
(So Sweet)
Am I getting old? 
 I used to really enjoy sweet snacks
 but nowadays I don’t really like them
I feel like I’m actually getting old
it's because I keep hearing it from Changus and Ikonics 
(He just says it a lot himself)
Anyways, it’s really sweet
It’s a taste that people in their 10s and 20s would prefer
(It’s really good) 
(An oldie)
Wow, it’s 600kcal 
I’m going to rank the snacks towards the end 
And the long awaited 
the last Filipino snack 
It’s called “cap cai”
It’s a fried chicken skin snack 
There’s a snack called “drumstix” in Korea
(Not an advertisement) 
How do I know so many snacks? 
I’m like a master of snacks 
I’m guessing the taste will be similar 
This won’t taste like La-La right?
(Smells danger) 
You can smell the chicken right away
Not like a chicken
I don't know
but I can't tell what it smells like 
It makes me want to keep smelling it 
It looks tasty 
but why does it look so intimidating?
Okay, I’ll try cap cai now
This one deserves an ASMR 
So I tried it
And this one doesn’t really taste that good either 
It might sound crunchy through ASMR
but it’s really soggy
The taste is even worse than La-La
If I were locked in a room and forced to eat either La La and this
 I would choose La-La
I thought it would at least taste better than a mackerel
but I would say it’s a tie 
(The results are going to be pretty obvious but.. THE RANKING)
Okay, now for the ranking 
I’ll pick the best top 2 and the worst top 2 
(And the BEST TOP 2 IS?) 
The second best was
Sponge 
I gotta try it again 
Obviously, a lot of people probably thought 
that this one would be the best even from the start 
And it is really good, so I picked this as the second best 
And the first place goes to (Best Top 1 is?)
Nova
I wouldn’t rank it higher than sun-chip
but it’s almost as good as sun-chip 
(The good ones deserve another bite) 
 Bobby will really like this snack 
It’s delicious. If I get a chance to visit Philippines
I will make sure to get one for Bobby 
(Extra serious for no reason)
And now we have to pick the worst two
I didn’t even ask for them but our producer already has them prepared
Today’s second worst is 
La-La
Oh my god, the smell
The smell keeps spreading every time you touch it
And the first place goes to
cap cai 
It really really didn't fit my personal preference in taste
(Subscribe)
(Like)
(and make sure to turn on the notifications)
So here’s the end of the Filipino snack review video
Did you guys enjoy it? 
I’ve been reviewing a lot of snacks and food from different countries 
I’ve been trying out a lot of new stuff searching for new contents 
If you guys have any ideas on things that I can experience 
such as crafts, or different cultures, besides food, please comment down below 
And I will read them and try them out if there are any that stand out 
I’ll try my best to keep up the good pace and reach 1 million
This was Chanwoo from Chanwoo’s Life
 and I will see you guys in the next video
Bye (*Extra clips at the end*)
(Did you enjoy this video?
If want to check out the previous video, make sure to click click!) - You know how I talked a lot about butter coconut snack in the previous Indonesian video?
I was really happy to see a lot of Korean subscribers who related to it
There were a lot of people who called me out for being old as I reached my mid 20s
 but still a lot of people were able to relate to my reference  
(Did you enjoy this video?
If want to check out the previous video, make sure to click click!)
