how are you?
my friends
How are you my friends today, how is your night going?
I heard that you guys want me to make another Filipino video so here it is.
Ah, sorry because it took me forever to make this video. I was really busy working in the hospital but I hope you guys like it.
Please subscribe, comment, and leave suggestions if you have any, I also have Patreon if you want to help me out!
Okay so who likes mic scratching? I do and I don’t know why... maybe because it’s very relaxing, right?
So many are asking what’s my story?
How did I get here in America?
so many years ago my dad was petitioned by his brother, it took him 22 years to be approved for his visa. Can you believe that?
We waited for 22 years to get here.
When we got here the first month, it was hard, so we all had to take jobs.
I took a new job at Popeyes.
had to take a new job even though I’d only been here for a month, no break right?
I also did not know how to speak English that much, I did not understand Americans’ accent because they talk so fast.
I hope you guys fall asleep with this story.
I remember my first month at Popeyes, my customer got mad at me and he said why am I laughing.
He thought I was smiling because I wanted to be a jerk. He said you will grow old one day lol.
in the Philippines, we were taught that customers are always right? Correct?
He thought I was smiling because I wanted to be a jerk. He said you will grow old one day lol.
I was still smiling even though he was still mad
I had to make a lot of adjustments when I first moved here. There were so many racists too.
I lived in jersey city and it was really scary, so many racists and many didn’t like Filipinos.
Anyway, I worked at Popeyes for 1 year, and in the first few months, we did not get lunch breaks.
I would eat in the back. I remember eating fried chicken while standing, and at the time work laws weren’t that strict yet.
but I kept working no matter what to help my family
I was able to make it even though my wage was only 7.15 per hour, we had an increase after 6 months to 7.45 or I think it was only 7.30 per hour
This is why we had decided to move to Las Vegas because the food here is cheap, even buffets are cheap!
But what I liked in new jersey the most is the Filipino community, it is so strong
I made so many friends there because they helped me a lot. they taught me the American ways.
That’s actually why I got hired in popeyes because the managers are Filipino and they are so nice.
what else do you guys want to know?
I was only 16 years old when I first got here to America
I went to high school,
I did know anyone and it was shocking to me to see the people are mostly white, there were only 3 Filipinos and 1 of them was me, 2 were my siblings.
I remember on my first day, people were staring at me a lot because I look different right?
Everyone looked white to me back then, Hispanics looked white too lol.
For the first few months, I was such a loner because I didn’t have anyone to talk to
One of my bad experiences in America was definitely during snow time
Nobody told me how to walk on snow lol
when I walked out of my apartment, I looked at snow and ice
and thought to myself
hmmm well the ice look flat and safer compared to the snow that doesn’t
look flat
I was such a dummy!
So yes I stepped on the ice part and I slipped and fell on my butt and my elbow hit the ground, I am glad I did not dislocate it.
Although, people
were just watching me and I was crying and nobody helped me( my gosh)
Anyways, I survived and I got to school safely
But anyways guys, I miss the Philippines because I haven’t been home ever since I
moved here.
I just checked online and found out that I can’t visit yet because of the pandemic and they require me to be dual citizenship to go
I am only an American citizen right now.
I haven’t
seen my family in the Philippines for many years and the airfare is so expensive.
I"m only a
new nurse. It’s been 12 years since I have seen my family there
I just want to visit even just to see my friends and family for a little bit
It’s so funny because people think when you’re a nurse you’re alike a millionaire but that’s not true at all.
I have so many bills and student loans too
Hopefully, I can save up soon so I can visit
home..
anyway my story is so long now haha I don’t know what else you guys want to know
about me?
how did I make friends, my first American boyfriend, etc? haha let me know in the
comments and I hope you guys like this video
