Good morning, travelers! 
Another TOUR day, today!
Today we will do a tour called Island Hoping in Cebu, which is one of the famous tour's here. We will visit Caohagan and Nalusuan
I am the first one for the breakfast and waiting the other guys to come
The tour guide will pick us up at around 7AM and now is around 6AM
I am one of the first ones in the restaurant 
The lady behind me are preparing the pancakes for us. I hope they will be good as I am not a huge fan of the typical Filipino breakfasts 
We also have got rice, vegetables and meat which I don't usually eat for breakfast 
The only things I have got in my plate at the moment are a few slices of watermelon and pineapple
Let's see how the islands look like and what adventure we will have
THE PHILIPPINES 
 DAY 6
Dreamy we went on our way
 We were a little bit sad because of the stormy clouds circling over the hidden ocean, but we never stopped dreaming about the world on the other side!
There was a little rainbow in the horizon and that was the beginning of our smiles 
Somewhere there... far far away, deep in the ocean there was an island 
An island that occupied by 300 happy people! 
THIS IS.....
CAOHAGAN ISLAND
We reached it for an hour, sailing from Cebu City
When we touched the ground we felt that we were detached from the world 
We exchanged some smiles with the locals
And we realized that their life is simple and happy. Life without technologies, skyscrapers or fast cars
The main livelihoods were fishing and building boats
(Note: The main street)
For the kids, there was a school in which the kids were sitting on the floor
Naked and barefoot they were so happy and playing for the whole day!
So we are in the first island of our tour...In the island there were 300 people who live here permanently 
There are about 20-30 kids who are going to this school
The weather is better than in the morning which is great!
All of these cocks you see are for fights and they keep them on a robe to avoid escapes. The fights are usually happening during the weekend  
The church
...and some papayas 
This is how 1 house looks like
Some clothes, a table and even you can hear some music from inside....the party is here :))
(Note: The school yard)
Simple life...
...with our understanding of a primitive one
This is where the CAOHAGAN's people live!
But in their eyes you can see their happiness  
You can feel the peace in their souls and the love in their hearts
This was the Caohagan island 
An island that we will never forget!
Then we were going to our next island - Nalusuan island
See this little sweaty 
Agghh... why I touched it
Sorry! I won't touch you anymore!
I am going away from this lady :)
After the lunch it is time to walk around the island.  We are at the back of the island now so we will go beyond this building to see the beach
After that we will do some snorkeling near by so let's see...I think it will be near the pier 
There is a relaxing area over here...so to repeat the island is called Nalusian!
After the short walk we jumped to the water to see the world below us, to explore and to see what's there... 
Back in the car...
It was very long day! This is what happens if you do not put a sunscreens on!
We are so so red, but it was fun!
Rumi: And the sunscreens are in the backpack! 
Alex: The cream is in the backpack?!? It is always like this!
Chris: I have got the one for aftercare!
This is the salvation
That was it for today! We are going back to the hotel, we will relax a little bit and then tomorrow we are going to BOHOL!
As you saw, the fishes were so great! And we swam with them! In conclusion, we liked Caohagan more than Nalusian!
