Who are you Catriona Gray or Pia Wurtzbach?
I'm Gloria Diaz.
Good Day!
I am your beautiful cook, Mama LuLu!
What are you going to cook today Mommy?
Kare- Kare (Oxtail Stew)
We prepared this just for you!
So that our eating will be happy today!
What parts of the cow will you use for the Kare-Kare?
Alright, this is special!
You went all out right?
We went to Seafood City and bought all the cow there!
We said, "Bring out all their feet!"
The cows. 
Tripe.
Oxtail.
Tail of the cow.
Beef shank.
Bone marrow of the cow.
Like a meat of the cow basically. Yes the meat.
The feet of the cow.
Ox feet.
Tripe, oxtail, beef shank, and ox feet.
So what is the first step of Kare-Kare?
We will boil/cook and tenderize the meat.
The tripe we will separate them, because it's easier to cook them.
We will now wash them so we cans start boiling them.
Is it important to wash the meat before cooking them.
Of course!
They already cooked it a bit to clean it before packaging it, that's why it's so clean.
But of course you have to wash. 
Here, the butcher already washes them and cleans them for you.
We will just cut and separate them.
Because it's stuck together.
You will have to separate it yourself.
See, it's separated.
After cutting them, you will put it directly to the pot?
Yes, so we can boil it.
You will just boil it.
Because the way they cut it is not all the way.
But the bone has already been cut.
You just have to cut the skin.
The parts of the cow you are using, is it the standard for Kare-Kare, or can you you use different parts?
These are the standard, sometimes in the Philippines, they use the face meat of the cow.
Back when I was in the Philippines, that's what I used.
But here in the US, it's hard to find.
The restaurants here, the only thing they use is oxtail.
Just oxtail?
Yes, oxtail is what they put.
But in the Philippines you put all all of the cow meat?
Yes, of course.
Occasionally, I put cow intestines back then .
They sell it here too, but I don't want to, it's hard to cook.
Here are all the ox feet.
Even though it looks a lot, when you cook it, the only thing you will eat is the skin/meat.
You will just throw out the bones.
How much water?
Just enough to cover.
So it will tenderize properly.
Here it is, we will boil the ox feet until tender for 45 minutes-1 hour.
Now, after 1 hour is not yet tender, you can add another 20 minutes.
Until it's tender.
Just be patient when there's time.
We are washing the knife.
Of course, we have to be clean.
We will now cut the tripe.
Tripe!
You think it's a lot, but it'll shrink later.
In the Philippines, these are fresh (uncleaned).
You will have to clean it yourself.
You will take off all the dirt.
But look at this it's so clean.
And they cooked it a bit already so it's not too hard.
That's why you only boil it for not that long.
Out of all them, it's the easiest to tenderize.
That's why you have to keep an eye, it will be ready within 30-45 minutes.
Each time I cut, I wash the knives and cutting board so that they will be clean.
Cleanliness is next to godliness.
You all thought! I know that!
What do you have to say to the comments that says that you don't use gloves?
Oh my God, do I have to use gloves, I'm having such a hard time cutting it already.
Also, Gordon Ramsay and Judy Ann Santos, they don't even use gloves either right?
Of course.
You just have to make sure you wash your hands all the time.
Yes! That's why we are here near the sink.
And you also don't know what chemicals are in the gloves right?
Yes.
You might be wondering why my cuts are very large?
It's because it's really hard when it's too small because when it cooks it melts and it almost becomes like a gelatin.
Let's wash them!
Actually, if you think about it, you don't really have anything to wash because it's so clean.
But just to make sure.
Of course.
Because you don't know…
Yes, it might've been put somewhere before packaging.
Give me our pot. 
That's not dirty OK, that's just stain from all the cooking. 
Of course when you keep cooking and cooking. 
That's how it is.
But it's clean ladies and gentlemen.
We're going to put water until it's covered so we can tenderize it.
High.
30 to 45 minutes and we will see if it is tender.
And also I don't want it to be too soft and tender because it will get really mushy.
Say hi to the vlog!
Hi guys.
Next week will be… 
Bicol express.
My sister will be a guest cook next week.
We will now also boil the oxtail.
That's the oxtail.
See, right?
Beef shanks and oxtail.
We will put them together in one pot.
Wash, wash.
Oliver has some friends that might not want to eat cow organs, so that's why I put a lot of meat.
Because not everyone eats feet or tripe or anything like that.
Here is the meat of the cow.
 Beef shanks.
And the oxtail.
We will see in 45 minutes to an hour.
It depends where the thickness of the meat.
Let's open it!
High.
There it is.
This is the ox feet, beef shanks/oxtail, and tripe.
We will come back later when the meat is tender and cooked.
And now to the next chapter.
Of course, the cutting of our vegetables.
That we are going to put in our Kare-Kare.
Bok choy.
In the Philippines, Napa cabbage is more popular.
If there is no bok choy, use Napa cabbage. It is almost the same.
Only difference is, bok choy is shorter and Napa cabbage is longer.
Plantegg. Eggplant. Bow.
 Long beans.
But it doesn't come with kidney beans. (referring to Bahay Kubo song)
Just long beans.
While we're waiting for the meat to tenderize, we will organize our vegetables.
We will now chop.
If you're wondering I don't have any heart of the banana.
Because at one time, I bought one.
The one I bought was so bitter!
We didn't get to eat anything, even the soup base of the Kare-Kare.
Heart of the banana here in the US isn't really good.
Yes.
It's my luck only.
By luck.
In the Philippines anywhere you go, it's really good.
Anywhere you will find heart.
Besides bok choy, long beans, and eggplant, what else can you use in Kare-Kare?
This is the only thing I use.
You can't use potatoes?
No! What is this? Asado (tomato based stew)?
Jesus, Mary, and Joseph!
You know when we were still in the Philippines, cooking  Kare-Kare is really special.
Because it's expensive.
And cooking is very laborious.
That's why I only cook this in Christmas, New Year's, or birthdays. Or when my family request it.
This is what I cook.
And of course, it's not just for us, you also give this to your friends.
 Long beans.
Is that different from green beans?
Of course.
Green beans is green beans.
When I can't find Long beans, are use green beans.
Eggplant.
Up to you what style, what cut.
The really long one is an American egg plant I think.
But the one that's like this more, I think that's a Japanese eggplant.
But in the Philippines there's one even smaller like this.
To all our viewers/subscribers how many types of eggplants do you know?
We are now done in cutting all of our vegetables.
Eggplants, long beans, and bok choy.
I have an extra one, I will put it here.
We will now go inside the kitchen to check on our a meat.
This will need another one hour it's still a bit hard.
When Alexa rings, tell her repeat repeat repeat, rewind.
Now let's check our beef shanks/oxtail.
Still hard.
It's still fighting the water.
Let's put a lid on it again.
After Alexa rings, we have to repeat again.
Here is our tripe.
It's a little bit tough.
All of them are still tough.
OK let's wait a bit more again, until the next chapter.
When it becomes tender, I will scream.
Patience is key.
Key? We have a key?
I have a tip for you all.
If there's only a small amount of water left in the meat, we have to add more and cover the meat.
So it will be cooked evenly.
 Remember that my friends.
Alexa.
Alexa, stop.
Alright, let's check if they are tender.
Oh, look at that you can poke through it, it's almost tender.
But another 30 minutes so we are sure that it's really tender.
This one too you can poke through it, so another 30 minutes for that as well.
Of course we want to eat really well, not like we're fighting with the meat.
And the tripe.
You can poke through it too.
That's going to be done together in 30 minutes.
Let's wait for it again.
That's how cooking is, you have to be really patient. 
It's not all the same.
The deliciousness is in your patience.
Wait! Let's see if it's tender now!
Success!
Come here let me poke you.
Let's check the beef shanks
and oxtail.
It's tender too!
Let's check the tripe.
Hear are our meats.
Let's look at them.
Look at how tender they are.
Nice.
This is the feet.
This is our tripe. They're tender too.
Oxtail and beef shanks are tender as well.
Let's wash our vegetables.
Long beans and egg plants take a bit of time to cook, so we have to put it first.
Now that we have cooked all the meat.
We set up all of the vegetables.
I already cooked rice as well. It's ready.
We are now going to cook our peanut sauce the most important thing in our dish.
Let's start!
High heat.
Yes.
First, we have to put oil.
That's important of course.
I saw it in the comments.
They called the wok, talyasi in Batangas.
Now that we put the oil in my favorite pan we will now put the garlic and the onions.
After we smell how good the garlic is, we will now put the onions.
 Don't cook it too much because the garlic will taste bitter.
Onions.
Let's wait until the onions is a bit translucent.
What we're going to put next is our annatto powder.
What's that for?
It's for color.
It's prettier to eat when it's a color orange.
We're going to stir in the powder in the oil to color it.
Look at that.
It's very colorful.
Now, the broth we're going to use for the sauce can come from the ox feet, tripe, or from the oxtail.
Because the broth is very flavorful.
Yes it's very flavorful.
Now if it's still not enough, just add more water
I didn't get the broth from the Ox feet because it's too oily.
I will get it from the tripe.
That's really flavorful because of the broth right?
That sauce is still not enough.
That's fine let's just put more water to it.
I put 60 ounces of water in the sauce.
We will let it boil.
After the sauce has boiled, we will put the special peanut butter.
Kare-Kare is very laborious.
it really needs patience and restraint.
Because you really have to wait for each ingredient to tenderize
And then you have to create the sauce.
Of course you have to taste it as well.
You're going to see if it's enough peanut butter.
You are going to mix it.
So it does not stick on the bottom.
There's no specifics on how much meat you need.
Or this is how much sauce I will put.
Because some people don't even put that much sauce.
They only get a little bit when they eat.
Because it's peanut butter.
But the difference is in the taste.
Just like I've said before, every mother has a different way of cooking.
That's what we should always remember.
The sauce is boiling.
Let's mix it.
The first thing we're gonna put are the vegetables.
So they will cook thoroughly.
Some people cook it in a separate pot with the boiling water, but it is like water afterwards so I don't like it.
That's what I like, vegetable first.
Once we put in the vegetables in the sauce, we are going to put in the meat.
We will add the bok choy last minute because it cooks very quickly.
Let it boil for about 5-10 minutes.
We'll see the change in color on the eggplants and long beans.
 Now we can put our peanut butter in.
Don't skimp on the peanut butter.
Because the sauce taste better when it's rich and thick.
I put in pure peanut butter.
Some people likes using a thickening agent.
That's why those ones do not taste like peanut butter.
The ones that they make.
Some people use cornstarch, breadcrumbs.
Back in the day, are used to put this thing where you can buy in the Philippine market, toasted crushed rice.
They don't sell those here, so my mom taught me to just use pure peanut butter.
It taste really good.
The peanut butter from the Philippines is very different from the peanut butter here in the US.
Because the Lil'ys peanut butter in the Philippines is much sweeter.
Here in the US, there's no sugar it's just plain peanut butter.
What I do to make it even more delicious is that I put sugar in the sauce.
It depends on your taste buds, it could be 1/3 cup, or 1/2 cup.
This one is 1/2 cup.
I started off with a small amount.
Of course just a little bit at a time.
We will stir it so it won't stick to the bottom and thickens.
I will put more peanut butter.
When I put peanut butter I put a lot.
For those not familiar with the dish, why did it become peanut butter for Kare-Kare.
I don't know where it started but it's peanut butter.
The peanut butter you put depends on how much sauce you want, just like us we made a lot of sauce so we put the whole jar.
i put in the peanut butter very slowly because I guess on how much.
Like this it's not yet thickened yet.
It's up to you how thick the sauce will be.
Look how thick that is.
I intentionally do not put any salt in this dish because we have shrimp paste as a dip.
There is spicy sautéed shrimp paste and regular sweet shrimp paste.
It's up to you what you want.
For us it's spicy.
For me sweet.
Speaking of our vegetables, some people cook it on the side but I don't because it eventually taste like water.
For the meat that we cooked, we're only going to put half of it.
You might not finish it and will just go to waste.
The other half we can put it in the fridge.
Now for the other meat that we didn't use we can always make a new sauce and put the other half of the meat in it. 
Practical 1-2-3
Delicious.
Happy eating to all!
Let's put in the meat, so we can start eating.
Jesus, Mary, and Joseph.
What time is it?!
I'm forgetful now.
We've been vlogging for three hours.
That's why I don't know anymore, what day is it today?
We're going to put the meat in five that it's really good.
You're seeing how soft it is.
Mix it.
So it'll be tasty.
Now the beef shanks.
Hold on! Nicole is here. Give me one moment don't put it in yet.
I'm not putting this in.
Put it in put it in.
She bothered the vlog everyone.
Let's put in the oxtail of Oliver.
There you go.
Mix it makes it when you have time.
There, mix said. So the sauce can coat the meat.
And last but certainly not the least
My favorite.
His favorite favorite.
The tripe.
Oliver's high blood.
We're going to put in our bok choy last.
Yes it's very easy to cook
Why am I singing that? Napa cabbage, Napa cabbage.
Our Kare-Kare cooked!.
Kare-Kare!
My Mom's Cooking.
I'm Mama LuLu.
I'm done.
We're going to eat it now course. 
I will be the first to eat.
Here is the shrimp paste, it's waiting.
I'm going to get some.
You may be wondering why the whole pot is here, because it's up to us to serve the food if you want.
 I don't want to serve them anymore what am I a waitress?
They're too much!
I'm the one who will washthe dishes to later. 
This is only for video purposes only.
We're just showing all of you does amazing things you know.
My blood is drying up I'm telling you.
I'm going to eat now.
My doctors wondering why I don't have any more blood left.
I don't even know what to get.
Feet? Tripe?
I want to cheek though. But there is none.
You're getting it now.
The eggplant, right next to you.
There.
Let's taste it.
Don't be jealous.
Because you can do cook it too!
Tonight or tomorrow.
You should cook it!
So you can taste it.
Our cooking.
My town might get burned, there's so many times my tongue already got a burned in our vlog.
Do we have a visitor?
So delicious.
Make sure to put in pure peanut butter OK?
Remember that.
And really good sautéed shrimp paste.
There, propaganda of shrimp paste.
Alms.
Sponsor.
LIKE. COMMENT. and SUBSCRIBE!
EEDJIOTS!
Mommy my turn to eat.
No! You're tomorrow!
I'm going to eat now, get me some please.
Oh no, you're on your own.
Do you love me?
When I'm eating like this I don't love anyone else but my food.
