welcome back to our YouTube channel and
welcome in to reaction room with mommy
drew tonight. Tonight guys we're going to
be doing a reaction to Morissette Amon.  I
don't know much about her I will pretty
soon though if you're new to our channel
we thank you for being here feel free to
click the red subscription button and
make sure that bell is turned all the
way gray if you like reactions and if
you enjoyed this one. If you're returning
usual we thank you so much for
taking the time to come hang out with us
we thank you for your suggestions and
your comments. Now this song artist was
requested and so I'm finally getting
around to doing it so I hope you guys
enjoy this reaction the song is Akin Ka Na Lang
I hope I said that right
Akin Ka Na Lang so here we go on
count of one two and three
Wow let me stop right there and say this
first of all she's beautiful and I don't
know what language she's singing but
it's so it's so beautiful and it's it's
so soothing her voice and so let's let's
continue but that is amazing right there
what I've heard so far
Wow like I said this is my first time
hearing her and her voice is so inviting.
She's not bombastic and I don't know if
she's about to do something bombastic
but right now what she's doing is
beautiful and her voice is very um
soft and uh she has a lot of control it
seems like so I'm enjoying what I'm
hearing so far
Akin Ka Na Lang
so it's Akin Ka Na Lang so she said Akin Ka Na Lang
that's beautiful that's beautiful
so to hear her say now I can repeat it
so alright you got it
let's keep going
her rifts are spectacular, her rifts
are spectacular and although I cannot
understand what she's saying
it kind of sounds like a love song so
tell me if I'm right. Is it a love song she's singing? I want to
know cuz you guys know I believe that
music is the language of love and you
should be able to feel what the person
is singing even if you don't know the
words. I feel love song.
Tell me from right.
I love that. Akin Ka Na Lang
I love how she holds out that lang... she, I
love her voice I am loving her voice
this is my first time for her like I
told you guys that I'm loving this voice
she is, smooth...
Wow. Hold up, wait!
I was just going to say I was
waiting because I didn't want to
interrupt that I was gonna tell you guys
something about her reminds me of Mariah Carey like how she's that how she say
that last word the lang... I was gonna say...ha-ha-ha-ha...that whistle note right there it's
absolutely ridiculous I have to hear
that again cuz it caught me off guard
I'm going back just a smidge to catch
that again
what!
Oh-My-Goodness
OH-My-Goodness
That was bombastic.
I said shouldn't do anything bombastic
well she just called me a liar
that was bombastic that was beautiful
effortless oh you're good girl
I'm liking you
This is a nice song!
Yes-yes!
she is good she is good she is hitting
all these notes as usual no effort right
why- why couldn't this be me? I totally
wish this was me and she's just pulled
in from deep to.  I love that, how she
throws her head back as you know she's
going deep on that note is she is
singing from deep within that is just
beautiful she has a beautiful beautiful
voice tone and oh my goodness she hits
those whistle notes.
and then she ends with another whistle note.
That was absolutely beautiful
Wow, Morissette, is that her name?  Morissette,  Morissette Amo,  Oh baby!
She is outstanding and beautiful and
that is a voice on her. Like I said I
don't know what the words were that she
was saying I think it was like a love
song or something like that let me know
down below if I'm correct. Thank you guys
for suggesting that I listen to her. The
shout-out tonight goes to jhem at at, you
were the one who first suggested that I
listened to Morissette Amon
and you were right my friend I really
enjoyed her. Thank you guys for coming
into the reaction room with me tonight
leave a comment down below tell me some
stuff about Morissette. I'm gonna look
up things on her as well but give me
some information on her also tell me
what why when she was singing in. I would
really like to know again if you're new
you want to join the D nation family hit
that red subscription button turn that bell all the way gray and if you're a
regular family member what we love you
come back again and again to hang out
with mommy drew.
This is mommy true same D to the
to the D to the D to the D-nation...OUT...BYE!
