Hi guys welcome to my channel, after five
hours on the van from Puerto Princesa
me and my friend arrived in Puerto Princesa and checked in our room at 1:30 p.m.
Already had lunch at a stopover on the
way coming here,
we were not hungry to it but hungry to
go outside for some fresh air.
Surrounding us were mountains and trees, El Nido at that moment still remained its natural beauty,
even the tourist services had
been increased a lot and past few years.
This was the way connected to the boat
station where we started our tour A on the next day.
We spent our evening to hang around seeing the streets.
This is a very good bakery,
a yummy cake costs from just 6 pesos.
We treated ourselves a big dinner 
costed us 1200 pesos.
I think the meal could
be enough for three people.
At 9 a.m a man from the tour agency came to a hostel and picked us to the meeting location.
Water shoes like these are highly
recommended, they protected my feet from rocks.
You can rent a pair of water shoe for 150 peso a day.
Each of us had to pay an Eco-fee for 200P,
once you pay this fee, it's valid for 10 days.
Remember to ask them to give you an
invoice.
After half an hour, they leaded us to the boat station.
To get on their boat, we have to walk 
to the sea like 20 meters from the beach
and we could feel rocks under our feet.
We were worried that the tour could be
delayed because of a heavy rain earlier
but thanks God everything was okay and
the sky was clean after that
The first stop was Small Lagoon, 
we rent a kayak for 400P to go inside.
That was the first time I tried 
to ride kayak, easier than I expected.
There was a man looked at me and said "Nihao".
Wow, people always think that I'm Chinese, though I look exactly like most of Vietnamese people.
During the day we made friends with
Filipino girls they were friendly and kind.
After the tour we had dinner
together and met again Manila.
I saw this photo and realized that Anh
let me ride the kayak on my own while
she looked enjoyable like a boss!
We stopped our kayak at 
a beach nearby for a wider view.
