Welcome to you very warmly after a long break.
Listen, I have another action today.
We are going to deliver more parcels, we are going to the same place we were last time and this
is probably the last action we are organizing at the moment.
But I invite you to the episode.
Let's start!
OKAY. So, as you probably know, for some
time since the typhoon entered, we have been organizing an action where, thanks to you,
we collect money and take it to various places in the mountains.
Today we are in the mountains again, in the same place as last time.
Because we promised that we would come back here, because this place really
needs our attention, it needs it to deliver more packages.
Today we are going to 3 cars packed
to the full with parcels and it's really over a ton of goods.
So today is a really mega mega action.
Of course, the list of people who donated will be at the end of this episode.
Wait, but for now, I'll show you where we are.
We left in the morning, there was no time to record.
Throughout the last week, the girls have been preparing packages in the same way.
Now let me show you what we have.
Our car, of course
, is not very capacious, so there is only a full trunk.
Here, a whole half a ton of rice already packed in packages.
The same here, the whole car is just as crammed with packages.
Packages are packed a little smaller than last time.
Last time we gave it 5 kilos of rice.
Today we will probably give 3
kilograms of rice, but there are no more 100 parcels like last time or 150.
Only at the moment there are over 300 parcels. There are over 300
parcels with food alone. In
addition, we also have small parcels
prepared with sweets with some such little gifts for kids.
I don't know how many packs there are, but probably around a hundred.
But these are bigger packages.
Are there any biscuits, some
lollipops, some other stuff for kids?
Because there have been very, very, very many of these children lately.
Also see what it looks like.
Unfortunately, this time it turned out that one of
us has a broken car, our other friend has a
very important meeting somewhere and is simply unable to come because today is Friday.
That's why this car you see here was rented.
We probably paid 3000 pesos for it, but it has already gone out of our pocket.
For people who organize it, not from the money that came to
my account, because from this money the money went to my account.
Also, from what we have,
it was all used a week ago for the purchase of
rice, for the purchase of canned goods, for the purchase of milk, coffee and other kinds of products.
Even salts and other things, even so basic that
you could just cook or season anything.
So really the packs are just as cool, only there's just less rice.
But we did it specifically so that more people would get these packages, because
last time, as you remember, there were 150 packages.
It turned out that there are even more families, already more families than these parcels,
so we wouldn't want it to just look stupid, so we preferred,
I talked to people and it was better to just organize it so that we would just
make more of these parcels for more people to make everyone happy.
We're still here, it's already here.
In fact, I have to leave my car, because here we are going
up later, there and there, there to the very top of this mountain and I simply won't get there.
But today I will try to record more of what this road looks like.
We are just waiting for one car,
the one in Paraguay, which was also recently, so that these people would come and that they
would simply help us organize it.
First we pack from my car to that car and move on.
Look, I think they just ordered a little bigger.
It depends.
What gala young businesses.
Hahahahaha keep it up.
Okay, we need to pack him now.
Moving on without more.
A ok.
Re Duel.
Something happened? I'm going to see.
Garden of Broken.
See how this road looks ok.
I thought there was some damaged area here, but.
This is how cars work in the Philippines.
You never know when it will break.
I will walk a bit in the mountains and I will show you.
see.
The road looks brutal, so I didn't want to drive my
car, but there are really nice views, and we're going there to the end.
I wonder if they can fix it.
Car. I hope.
It would be nice to go.
See what views.
And here's our entire convoy.
As it always happens, everyone gathers and in the Philippines it's like no one
will honk at you that your car broke down,
they will just turn off their car and ask what happened, how can I help etc.
etc.
So this is It's really nice because you can always count on help.
In general, a lot of people
asked if it's dangerous in the Philippines, that, for example,
when you're driving at night, you suddenly catch a tube, something that needs to be done.
Listen, you go to the first house you come across and say what happened.
Usually either someone even has a
repair kit and will help you fix it, or they will direct you where it needs to be fixed.
People are generally very, very friendly.
Of course, I am talking about all
the areas where I have lived and on the islands where I have lived.
Really mega, mega, always positive.
Not.
We're not quite there.
We're already parking.
He still has the last car.
Here we have to undo the whole track there.
I already found out in.
Everyone already knows that we have 300 packages,
so more families showed up, which makes us very happy.
We actually have 325 just in case.
It's baby packs, so it'll be fine.
And what?
But.
We're good, and now we need to unpack it all.
So I have to put the camera down for now, but I'll see you soon.
But look how many people have gathered.
We've got a lot of stuff, so I think we'll be okay.
Okay, I'm going to unpack this.
Up in a moment.
This.
as myself.
New responsibilities apply.
On the other hand, the gate is elegantly
preserved, and as popular in the country, so less cars to catch up with.
So this is the frame.
The unpacking began.
Now they're reading the list, like
I've told you every time we want to go so that it's all prepared.
There is no such thing that
we just hand out packages on crazy papers and no one knows who.
We just know that these families, over
three hundred families, will actually get a package today.
And listen, and it even turned out that there are over two hundred of these packages for children.
I thought it was much less, but I had already prepared it once while I
was working, so I didn't even know how much it was.
It's just like I say, I'm really just me here to
show you what it looks like, record it all And thanks to my
channel I managed to raise this money, today we're helping.
Whereas Ross and my wife
are the organization, the daughters of it, they beat the packs, they
prepared everything, so it all worked out.
It is thanks to them that I am so glad that we managed to do it
with your money, which we collected on the blog on the blog.
The last
action was completely sponsored and with the money that was left.
Today we also added to it and probably added 15,000 or
20,000 from other people who also collected even more.
We managed to organize it all.
So today, as you can see, I think we spent 50,000 pesos back then,
and today we've spent twice as many packs a little smaller.
But of course it was much, much more.
Of course, all bills are available for
inspection, because I prepared special letters for this.
The golden fleece is almost
like a family about which.
That I remember so much.
In the world, more than half of the packages are already
spilled as you have probably seen in the shots.
Today, there is really nothing to record for, because you already know this place.
At least you've seen them before.
We also gave away all the packages here, so I won't explain it to you here.
If you want, let's go back to the
last video, where we gave away 150 packages.
There it is more precisely explained
where we are, where in the mountains and why.
Here help is needed
and what is also a curiosity, I can tell you once again, remember
the first time I said we were probably 3 or 4 weeks after the phone call, 3 weeks.
Probably the first action that reached the mountains.
There was no government action, no
foreigners or donors came here because it is too far away.
They had no help.
Today we talked to them and the person who is organizing it.
She confirmed that
you are here for the second time and since then this is another,
only help that this bank has ever received in any way.
Only today, when people gathered here and said that the parcels will arrive,
they started to make a list of who has what damage.
But in fact, today is January 27
, January 28, Friday, I don't know which one and how, it's probably
more than a month after the war, and by then most of these people
have probably rebuilt their homes to some extent.
Well, of course, some people lost their
houses completely, so it will probably take a long, long time for them to return to their original condition
, because a lot of time will be needed for a lot of money,
but those who have had any damage have already repaired it.
So at this point, even if the government comes to help, well, half
of these people won't get what you already fixed.
What do you need?
So this is kind of funny.
This help should have come a long time
ago, but I am glad that we at least
helped, that it was possible to organize it here again.
And as I mentioned before, this will
probably be my last action where I will record anything.
If any of you still want to deposit money and they will come to
your account, of course I will not keep it for myself.
Well, because that's not what it's about, I'm
just going to use them for some purposes, that is, for example
, I don't even know if we're going to buy products,
because probably not, because these payments have been very little in the last week.
Literally a few payments came in. And finally, we'll simply
allocate this money to someone for some purpose
, we'll give it to someone who will organize another action.
But of course, it's already been a month after the
call and most of those people who organized such actions systematically
have already just cried out of funds, so they just don't do it anymore.
But of course there's always something there.
As soon as we know, we
know someone who lost one, he had to move.
It's even possible that we'll just give him
money to buy something or we'll give some parcels for it, but
it will probably be an impression, because here we won't be going to the mountains anymore.
As you probably know, it
is also a lot of
time , a lot of organizational things require from us, e.g.
rent a big
car, the one from Paraguay that can come here.
We do not pay for this car, the
list organizes it and they can lend it when they have a free car.
Recently we were such a little white car.
This time the car was not available, so they took a truck at all.
And the Ford truck?
How much did she burn here, really how much did she lose?
Well, certainly not as much as we
put in these packages, so we're glad that at least it was organized.
Another thing is entertainment, they
need to have time to do shopping to prepare these packages.
You can't even imagine how much work is involved, because they must have been sitting there for 3
or 4 days, 3 or 4 hours each, just to divide this and that.
Not only to have 4 or 5 people to prepare it, to logistically
transport it all to our big room there, as you have always seen.
And another thing is to gather a team that is
able to come here 24 hours a day and has cars.
And this was also a problematic element, because once we set the date with the paragraph,
everything seemed to fall into place, and later it turned out that one
friend's car broke down, the other friend can't because he has an important
meeting and this is understandable of course.
Well,
one friend said okay, I'll rent a car and he rented this
4x4 next door, of course to refuel.
Well, we came here.
I hope the rental company doesn't find out or see this video.
What way did we have to go?
A very good reason to never
set up a 4x4 car rental in the Philippines, because if we people like
car rentals to cover such routes, it is problematic.
Tests.
And it will slowly end here.
Because as you can see, those people who were supposed to get the package got it.
We are slowly giving away these last packages to people who have already received them, but they
actually had some damage there or received packages earlier,
so everything will be given away anyway, because there is no point in just returning.
Soon we will probably start giving double packages to children, so that we can
give them away too, so that these kids will have some sweets.
Or we will just give to those people
who just come to us to walk.
The kids are just at home.
So one way or another, everyone should be happy, and they certainly will be.
Everything is already distributed.
We're starting to gather.
You just have to go back here, go there.
There's no way to even drive it.
And what did I want to tell you?
Pay attention to the fact that most of these people got packages and just go there
still high in the mountains and they just theoretically live there wild.
There are no roads here anymore.
As you can see, they're taking a shortcut somewhere.
Of course, no motorcycles, no scooters, no cars.
There's basically nothing here,
so I'm glad we were able to give it all away.
We even got some refreshments.
There was coke, some cookies and we had to eat and drink.
Because either that's the kind of respect you want, We didn't really expect it.
And anyway, we support each other slowly, because I finally have to go back to work.
But I also have some shots on the way back when we come back.
We're going now.
And I decided to go this time.
Just a bit down.
I don't even want to drive on such a bumpy road,
even though we have a really super comfortable car.
But it's not some unknown expensive episode.
It's about a kilometer, maybe two, but it's really slow going.
You probably saw that.
And now you just want to go to
see these views from the car, you can't see it all.
And it's really beautiful.
I'll have to ask how much the lifts cost sometime.
I suspect that they won't be mega
expensive, and some really stunning views.
See anyway.
it is probably. This is probably the hardest part of the road.
See here all such potholes and there
the passage there, the concrete begins there.
A short, concrete section and then there are bumps again, but nice views.
Only after a month.
As you can see, the trees are starting to pick up palm leaves.
Everything starts working.
It looks good, and our car is already going somewhere.
I'll just walk a bit more and see.
In general, there are still some packages left, because even this captain Baran said
that there is no point in giving to those who have already received one package there.
Some of those families who didn't get it earlier got it today, but
those who got it earlier got the same today,
but they had more damage to their buildings and we are planning some parcels now.
When leaving here at all down this road, give it to the families here, because of course
not everyone comes to this type of meeting.
Sometimes someone works, sometimes someone can't leave their children at home, etc.,
etc.
Sometimes there is only a daughter at home with a small child
, or they simply didn't even know that something like this was being organized,
because they live a short distance from this man in the hall, so it just happens
to be a good thing that they get some candy packets too.
We still have parcels left, some with rice, I don't even know how many,
because maybe 20, maybe 30 they left on purpose and we will give them away in a moment.
Check out this amazing view here.
In front of me is a bay in a fairy tale That mountain is already Cebu.
Here it is all fish ponds, which are, moreover, popular by the base.
There's this main road,
our car over there, and I'm walking down a really steep road here.
This.
I am going and going.
I guess I already did.
I'm half way there it seems.
The cars behind me are handing out packages, I am at my
own pace, but I am really super super wet.
But I saw something interesting. ask it.
Someone lives there at the very top,
or has a shop here, or private ones.
Of course roosters everywhere.
Sometimes it's nice to walk in such completely separate areas, because
you can really observe much more interesting things than driving a car.
Despite the fact that the car is moving, it moves
all the time, so it's really cool.
And I'm theoretically going down, and literally my legs are already failing.
It is super hot and there is practically no wind at all.
But don't worry, it's probably just
a bit of the road, there are a few turns and it should be by our car.
An interesting story too, because today I even laughed at my friends as if to my
wife, that 8 9 years ago
when I was going on such trips, what?
Greetings to the whole team from Warsaw, if they are watching me.
Thank you for bringing this topic up at all.
Even though I never had a car, somehow we always
managed to go there with friends, so we went to
Romania, we even went to Russia in winter, etc.
Those were very, very old
adventures, where I really got interested in traveling.
I became more and more interested in it
and then we actually organized it.
We paid money for it to drive on such roads.
And here's the Philippines, everything
is free, you don't have to pay and you're still making good use of it.
He takes parcels to remote areas, but such an abstraction from that.
In Poland, you can't drive in
forests and other such places too much, you just have to keep going.
Well, here it's enough to go to any better village and you're on your tail.
I like it mega mega.
It's a pity that we don't have a car for this
completely, but maybe someday, when I get enough money
, we'll buy a little craziness just for off-road use.
Would have been nice. We'll see.
Time will tell.
I'm getting to the car now.
The girls are still in the PKP behind us somewhere.
Anyway, thank you so much
for watching this video till the end.
Thank you for your support.
Thank you for your support on Patreon.
Thank you for your support in the form of virtual coffee you are betting and
thank you for your donations that you have made for the last month.
Because as you can see, they helped tremendously.
I don't know if we will organize further campaigns
as I have already explained, because it is really a lot of work for
us, so you don't even want money anymore.
Of course, if any money
comes in, we will give it to those in need.
Alternatively, if you write in the comments
that you want to help, I still want to, write, I'm helping, I want to help,
we'll organize some official fundraiser at the fundraiser and then only when
a specific amount is collected there, we will pay it and show you what we will buy for it.
But such deposits into the account are a bit pointless.
So anyway, thank you very much for watching.
I greet you and look forward to your comments.
How did you like it?
And
as a bonus, I wanted to show you, because we were already coming back this main road,
I mean we were coming back to this main road and look what happened.
We stopped here.
There are really very, very hard
working people who work on the sugar cane harvest.
They earn literally the minimum amount of money they can earn.
We called them here and they all started to come.
Thank God we had enough parcels left to give them.
Everything has already been distributed.
Give away another 30 or even 40 packs
. And that's it.
We can go back.
Mega, super cool feeling, I'm really glad someone answered briefly.
And such a curiosity, see my postpartum suicide.
And we're all here with nothing.
The last things there were such measures.
We have to get together.
Unfortunately, more and more people are coming, and we have nothing left.
is some.
