What's up! So today we're here with Rouel. 
He is the student life coordinator
at UHWO and we're here to ask him a
few questions
but his Filipino culture and heritage so,
- Rouel, thank you for being here with us today.
- Thank you.
We just want to ask how much Filipino are you?
How much Filipino are you? You know
that's a really good question...
only because the short quick answer I will
tell you I would say I'm like 99%
Filipino with the sprinkling of Spanish. Right?
That's what I will tell you but,
after learning about my history,
learning about our ancestors
and really the term Filipinos.
The term Filipinos
really a colonized term to kind of refer
to our people so that term is not really
necessarily the right way to really
identify our ancestors in which come
from this archipelago that has over
7,100 islands and so to refer to 
this country to this nation or my
motherland, as one would say as the
Filipinos, which the term Filipinos came from
King Philip II of Spain, which is
not necessarily the true meaning and the
name of the philippines and one should
know that the Philippines has been
colonized for 400 plus years so to
understand the layers and the complex
complexities of which I understand
understand the term Filipino, one must be
rooted and understanding the context of
which the terminology have been imposed on us.
Unfortunately I don't know
what is the native name to refer to us to.
That's one thing that I've yet to
learn about.
So if we were to undo the 400-plus years?
What would that look like?
- What we would we call ourselves? 
- mmm
and that's what I'm trying to still
explore because there is that component
of native and indigenous piece that has
been there before the Spaniards and
before the introduction of Christianity,
which is very similar to the
indigenous ways as very close to the
Native Hawaiian way of living now or back then.
So if I were to say how much Filipino am I now?
Filipino is colonized term, and to make sense of it,
I would have to also recognize
my ways of living that culture, yet at the same time understanding how much
I yearn for understanding the
native and indigenous ways.
So in a previous conversation,
what I would tell or answer someone is
yes I have to understand there's this colonized Filipino self, but yet this other side of you need to
understand what is the indigenous native
Filipino.
- Interesting. Based on that then I guess
there's still a lot of work that
needs to be done in looking back at the history.
and I'm just curious, if they were to find some information
and that were to be surfaced
and figure out maybe there's a correct
term to identify Filipinos, would they
still, you know I mean like I'm wondering
if we would based on that information
that we find that we discover would we
go on that or we we still 
remain calling ourselves Filipinos?
Just based on what has already occurred?
You know it's it depends cuz
 right now within Filipinos you break it down
ethnically, linguistically, and by tribes, and mountain people there still exists.
A lot of those are indigenous Native communities
still in existence and still thriving in the
Philippines though not as much or as
populous as the Tagalog, the Ilocos, the
Cebuanos, the Kapampangan, and many other,
the folks in Mindanao too, there's all
there's so much rich diversity in terms
of the people in the Philippines or our
ancestors or our people and so to look
at the demographics and the 
geography of the Philippines is really
we need to take a look and really
recognize for a minute, the rich
diversity that really exists in this one
country and the different types of
people that exist. You have your mountainous you have the mountain people you have all these
other types of people that does exist, but yet
- what the uniting umbrella is Filipino. 
-Right.
I guess one would say, yes that's the uniting umbrella,
but there's a lot of political history or
political things behind that and though
and so you know that's a tough piece
because essentially those in government
who gets to define things ultimately has
the ultimate power to define who says what.
The national language of the
Philippines is Filipino which is based
on Tagalog. Right? But at the same
time there's a lot of speakers who speak
Ilocano, and there's a lot of
speakers who speak Cebuano. So then to
say one language is dominant
over the other... And that's a lot of
things I have yet to learn especially in
that territory within the Philippines
that I'm so not connected to, I'm not
well-versed, that an understanding from a
distance, the complexities when talking
about when someone or some
group is trying to try to unify all of its people.
Or is that form of unifying people is
also a term of colonization? So that's
the that's the the balance of it. While
there's more tagalog speakers but
there's as much as Ilocano speakers, and
so the balance of power are throw the
blast for power or recognition is much
needed and so how do we create a
governance that allows for the embracing
of all these cultures? It seems like and
so this is a critique of the government
in which it yearns to be like a Western
or like the United States. Right? But now
we're getting a little bit into the
politics, but but all of this diet ties
back to one's identity I like to think.
How do we situate ourselves? How do we
fully identify? and so I think for myself
I mean to identify you know I will at
some point just identify with the
colonized term of Filipino but added the
local piece identifies as local
Filipino but yet the look the term
local is also political too. If you
understand the history of the islands I
guess for me is to make known to make
certain to identify local that I was
born here I was raised here but after
taking courses in understanding the word
local that also that term also masks the
role of which indigenous groups such as
Native Hawaiians have made this their
home. So what am i doing by calling
myself local? You know other people have
also called settlers right? Do I identify
as a settler and so this whole idea of
identity is a really nice complex issue as we try to understand
one's identity in relation to the world
but if and it depends on the context too.
Wow you wanna identify?
If you want identify yourself when
meeting with a group of people and the
continental United States, as opposed to
meeting a group of people here who are
born and raised here. So part of it is
having to identify based on the context
of which people will then understand you.
What's the common language within the
people that
around you that that comment people will
fully understand? I like to think so
this might be a totally different
approach from many other people so but I
think here if I'm talking to somebody
else you know like you to other people
outside in the community I would kind of
turn myself as a local Filipino.
- mmm interesting okay I think
you kind of answered my my second
question because I can ask you about how
would you identify yourself as a
Filipino, American Filipino you know because you were born here in the United States
and I guess you know a good way of
looking at identity too is looking back
to practices the culture and the biggest
thing is what we're focusing on is food.
So this is the fun part and there's a lot of Filipino
dishes right. Very delicious
dishes. I guess my question to
you is, what are some foods that you eat
at home that may have been passed
down through your family's generation
and what maybe is your favorite dish?
- Okay you know what it's fascinating
especially in the household. So before as
you as you can honestly see right now
there is Filipino food
has finally made it in terms of
for the rest of the community to kind of
take notice. Only now the rest of the
community is taking note of the flavors
and the types of food with the ube,
- with the Lechon.
- When you mean community you mean like
- all of Hawaii?
- All of Hawaii.
- Okay.
- Beyond our families, our homes 
because in our homes we were
just accustomed to the types of Filipino
foods that our parents have been cooked
but as of late within the last five to
ten years you see emergence of Filipino
foods that have been innovatively done
innovatively creative dishes that brings
that brings different twist to this
Filipino concept or the Filipino taste
and so but so just so fascinating to see
how it has kind of uprooted and
uplifted I guess our community especially
with young entrepreneurs who is kind of
taking a look at
you know their roots but also making
sense with their american-ness or their
local-ness. I see them trying to marry the
two with the fusion of some
sort so but growing up I would say
the foods growing up as opposed to
what was sold what is what is cooked in
restaurant is very different. In the
restaurants early restaurants before the
new wave of new entrepreneurs introduced
new dishes we seen a lot of kind of...
I'm going to critique a little 
 about our own our foods we seem a
little bit the oily foods the I don't
want to call it fatty foods but just
really rich in oils but growing up we
were raised with eating a lot of
Filipino vegetables and soups and with
fish we're in sinigang. And sinigang is
a soupy dish with fish. The base of the soup is
tamarind or salamagi and there's
different flavors in there with
different vegetables. Then my mom would
make these different type of soupy
dishes that just have beats, not beats, I'm
trying to thinking of the Filipino word
or terms... Utong which is the beans, cut.
and so I seen different Filipino foods.
From my perspective really in the home
that was healthy. Very different from
what we see in the restaurants and a lot
of our foods actually came from my
backyard or actually food from my
backyard or the backyard from our other
family friends. So it was interesting
that we got our foods growing up by
actually trading of what we had.
Families who had a lot more of green onions
would share that with other families
who would have tomatoes would share that.
Other people would have bitter melon
would share that paria would share
that or... what is that tree?
Kala Munggay tree.
Take those branches and that fruit.
Share that as well. So it was interesting 
how that practice continued on here
from you know... I'm assuming...
from the Philippines where you just
trade what you have so that you
have those type of foods to eat.
So foods that I do love
of that was made I have two.
A lot of other food is really good but one of the
things that I request for my birthdays
especially is balatong,
which is mongo beans and it's like... how do I describe it?
It's like thick, not really soupy but wet
type of a dish, but my mom places
chicharon or pork inside mmm oh and
it's really good in addition to that so
that would be like a nice lunch or
dinner type of thing must have breakfast
item if it is Oh
torta is a must have breakfast item
which is which is an eggplant with egg
mmm so it's like if you think about meat jun
but done with eggplant
eggplant so your eggplant is your meat
and you dip it with your
egg and you cook it
so that's one of my go to's, in terms
of favorite food there's all
-  there's alot to mention
- there's a lot definetly
- yeah
- and I've eaten both of those dishes and the
the eggplant with egg dish I didn't know
it was called... what was it called again?
- torta
- torta
for me I grew up just knowing oh I want
the eggplant with the egg and I used to
eat it for breakfast too and actually
any time of the day is really good but
it's really it's quick to make you know
it's one of those foods that you can you
can have done in about five to ten minutes 
and it's a good snack as well.
- And I think one more thing to add
to it so like I talked about like dinner
and the dinner I don't like a breakfast
item and I think a good cooling item is
you know everyone has their own version
to their halo halo
and so my version to the halo halo is
very basic because my mom makes it all
based on the resources that we have and
so the resources that are based on the
items that I like in the halo halo and
it's again based on what I was raised
with so the basics for a halo halo is
is your carnation milk your carnation
evaporation milk or you can use
condensed milk mixed and so and the
other two items that I only request is
coconut and avocado and that for me
is simply the best and what makes it
extra special is we get our coconut
going in the yard so I don't get the
coconut growing elsewhere but we get the
coconut grown in our backyard
so that's an extra treat
for us where we can really enjoy
the items the foods that is actually
raised and grown in our backyards.
