Why the Philippines? Why are you here? Do you 
have a message for the world? Why did you decide  
to come to the Philippines and not anywhere 
else? Hey Champs! What's happening? Welcome to  
another episode of "Tag Along With Chai". We are 
on Bohol Island and we're doing a Tarsier special,  
Why the Philippines? Why do people come to the 
Philippines? We arrived about a week ago in  
this beautiful country. We explored a little bit 
already and I can tell you the people here are  
making the country great. And also the food is 
amazing. The weather is great. The beaches are  
fine. There are quite a few things to do on Bohol. 
For 850 pesos you can get on a river cruise. On a  
boat that is driving you through some beautiful 
valleys and stunning views. And while you're in  
the boat you have a buffet. We're not going to 
do this because we don't have time! At 5:30 we're  
going back to Cebu so we quickly have a stop 
here. But it's also possible it's just driving  
around or cruising around on your motorbike. 
The roads you have to be careful with. Most of  
the parts there are well maintained but, you also 
have some put holes and there is sometimes grit on  
the roads. Sand on the roads. Then you have to be 
really careful. Slow down and approach the corners  
carefully. Let's try to find some interesting 
people here at the "Tarsier Conservation Area",  
to ask the question; why the Philippines? 
What's so special about the Philippines? Why  
do people come and visit the Philippines do you 
think? Because the Philippines is full of nature  
it's good. Also the people here are polite and 
humble. I believe so too. And the food? Our food  
is delicious also. Very diverse as well. What do 
you think is the best thing about the Philippines?  
The history of the Philippines, the kindness. The 
politeness the people here. Nice one hey have you  
been to the Tarsier? Yes. How did you like it? 
It's good. Man-made nature. And the Chocolate  
Hills? Have you visited it? I'm going there. I'll 
be going there. Hey, thank you so much. Do you  
have a message for the world? Or some wisdom 
to pass on? Come to the Philippines and have  
fun. Okay! Let's do that! Why the Philippines? Why 
are you here? Just to travel. A month here. Have  
you been anywhere else in Asia? Yeah, I've been 
in Thailand and Cambodia. Okay, nice one man.  
What do you like the most so far this month in 
the Philippines? Great beaches. Great people.  
And all around is just fun. What's your favorite 
place? Siqijor and Moalboal. This episode is about  
the Philippines but, we are based in the north 
of Thailand. Have you been to Chiang Mai? Yeah,  
Chiang Mai is really nice. A really great 
place. A lot of things to do. Pai is better.  
Okay. But Chiang Mai is also good. Enough about 
Thailand for now. Have you been to the Tarsiers?  
Yeah. How did you like it? Was it special? 
It's really interesting. I never thought  
there was something like that. It's such a small 
creature. They're really small and cute. That's  
true. Do you have a message to the world or some 
wisdom to pass on? Just travel and have fun. Why  
do the people from outside of the Philippines 
come and choose the country you're living in?  
Because maybe the tourist spots. It's more fun 
in the Philippines. Okay. Also the hospitality  
of other Filipinos is very good. When some 
visitors or foreigners come to our country,  
we accept them as fellow Filipino. I feel really 
welcome here. Definitely. What do you think is the  
best in the Philippines? What should people 
definitely see? The beaches. Especially the  
beaches.The beaches here in Bohol are so good. 
Also in Palawan. Boracay. We're going to Palawan  
actually. I'm really excited about this. How 
long are you going to stay in Bohol? Will uh go  
back home on Wednesday. Are you on holiday? No, 
we're just here for a race. We race a Triathlon  
yesterday. Okay. This is our finishing shirt. 
Okay lovely. Do you have a message for the world?  
Stay safe and be healthy. It's more fun in the 
Philippines guys. Why are you in the Philippines?  
I actually visit my friend from Bohol. He's 
my English teacher. So I'm with him. And I  
love nature and islands for the beaches. The 
beaches are amazing. Bohol and the Cebu. And  
Boracay Island. I look and just travel around 
the Philippines. Is this your first time? Yeah,  
first time. Why did you decide to come 
to the Philippines and not anywhere else?  
Actually my main purpose yeah because, you know, 
I've been already to Thailand, Laos, Cambodia  
and other Southeastern Asian countries. But the 
Philippines it's my first time. I love beaches and  
beautiful nature so it's the best for me. Have you 
been to the Tarsiers? Yeah. How was it? Actually,  
today they are sleeping. But, it was really 
cute. This Conservation Area, it was amazing.  
Awesome. Nice one. Thank you for your time. Do 
you have a message to the world? Or some wisdom  
to pass on? To the world? I love Philippines so 
welcome to the Philippines. Everybody come to  
Philippines. And Japan one too. Okay, we're 
gonna check out Japan as well at some stage  
I think. Thanks a lot. Now let's check out the 
Tarsiers. We bought a ticket for only 100 pesos.  
The Tarsiers are not animals. I'm not 
too sure if we can see them in action.  
But we'll kind of have a quick look. We don't 
want to disturb them. We cannot flash with any  
lights because that means that they might wake 
up from that and that's apparently not good for  
the animals, if they wake up in the middle 
of the day. We actually spot them already.
So cute!
It's sleeping now. It's a man-made Forest. 
Actually, there's also a forest. A huge Forest  
that we throw through on our way here it's called 
a man-made forest. But this is an area... This  
area is specially made and conserved for the 
Tarsiers. I thought 100 pesos was really cheap  
we can see it's only a small little area. 
That's why it was not very expensive. I  
think 100 pesos is a fair price to be really 
honest with you. Where does the animal come  
from? Is it Asian? In Southeast Asia, sir.
Native in Bohol. Are they living in the wild?  
Yes sir. Many Tarsier is also living in the 
wild. But not counted because it's so small.  
Yeah, It's really hard to see. So did 
you put a little roof there? Oh yes, sir.  
To protect them from rain. Because the Tarsier 
is territorial. So they always come there.  
They are nocturnal so sleeping and rest during 
the daytime. They're more active at night. Okay.  
What happened if you wake him up? That's 
not good is it? They have stress. What  
do they eat? They eat insects. Like flies? And 
worms, mosquitoes, and crickets. Do they catch  
it with their tongue or with their hands? 
With thier hands. But we eat only at night.  
You don't feed them here? Sometimes we give 
them insects. We'll put it on the ground. If  
they're active at night the Tarsier will pick. 
This place is really touristic but, there are  
only Filipino and Filipinas walking around. I 
don't see any foreigners. Maybe one or two. I  
think that makes this experience even a little bit 
more special. Hop board subscribe to the channel  
and be part of this journey. We are exploring 
the Philippines right now. We're based in the  
north of Thailand and showing you the beauty of 
Southeast Asia. Thank you for watching till the  
very end. I would like to say from the Tarsier 
Conservation Area on Bohol Island near Cebu;  
bye for now stay champ! [I hope you 
enjoyed the Subtitles. Stay champ!]
