Hey guys, today we're gonna show you how to cook Filipino menudo, not to be mistaken with Mexican menudo.
Unlike the Mexican soup, our menudo consists of pork that's cooked in a vinegar and tomato sauce stew.
To make our Filipino menudo
there are two parts. For the first part, start by taking two pounds of pork butt and cutting it into bite-size strips,
roughly one and a half to two inches long and half an inch wide.
When you're done slide your meat into a pan and
then add half a large diced onion,
2 cloves of minced garlic,
1/3 of a red bell pepper, 2 teaspoons of salt, and 1/2 teaspoon of black pepper.
Afterwards mix everything together to evenly disperse all of the ingredients into the meat.
Next pour in 1/4 of a cup of vinegar. For our recipe we used the Datu Puti brand, which is a cane vinegar.
Then pour in half a cup of water.
Place a lid over your pan and bring everything to a soft boil.
Also, make sure not to mix the ingredients before it reaches a soft boil. Otherwise the dish might have a strong taste of vinegar.
Once at a soft boil set your stove to medium low heat and simmer everything for 30 to 40 minutes.
When it's done go ahead and zhoosh it up a bit and
set it aside. For
the second part of this recipe, in a new pan, pour in 2 to 3 tablespoons of oil over medium heat.
Then throw in half a large diced onion and
saute it until it becomes translucent.
Next add in 2 cloves of minced garlic and continue to saute everything until the garlic is fragrant.
Afterwards drop in 2 teaspoons of annatto powder and
dissolve it in the oil.
Then add 2 tablespoons of tomato sauce and mix it in as well.
Now take your saute and pour it into your previous pan and
lightly mix everything together.
Then throw in three peeled and sliced red potatoes, or as we like to call them, baby patats.
Submerge the potatoes as best you can.
Then add two sliced hot dogs.
We used the filipino red hot dogs with the cheese in the middle, but you can use any regular hot dog.
Simmer everything uncovered for about 15 to 20 minutes so that the stew thickens.
Afterwards fork your potatoes to check if they're cooked.
Once they're cooked, add half a cup of peas and
the other two-thirds of your red bell pepper from earlier.
Give everything a good stir.
Typically raisins are added to bring sweetness to this dish, but I'm a raisin hater, so we're sweetening it with sugar instead.
So now sprinkle in one teaspoon of sugar, but you can add more if you want.
Finally just stir everything together and you now have yourself a yummy menudo!
It's talagang tasty!
What's up guys?
If you guys like the video make sure to give us a thumbs up and leave a comment below.
And if you want to see more videos ,then hit the subscribe button below and tap on the bell icon,
so that you get notified as soon as we drop the next one!
