John: What you mean intro? Come on.
My dear wife Mias is trying to find some
shoes to put on.
She has so many pairs she cannot decide  the colour
No. Because...I must correct I only have aw!!OUch! You forget the ouch bit
I only have 4 pairs aw not 4 pairs only 3 pairs ! Geez!
Is she a gold digger? Well according to many people's yes but I can assure you she can dig all she likes
but there is no gold.
The thing is she doesn't need to be a gold digger
because she has her own work she does
long hour, she worked 14-hour days, some days.
and she saves her money. She doesn't
ask me from ever for any money
That is it she spends more money on me than I do on her
which is cool like I'm the digger  hahaha! Anyway you're all wrong if you think she's a gold digger because she's not
We have a fabulous relationship so there you go and that's it
Right my princess of Mindy. Are you ready? What you told to them? They match better.
told them that I'm the gold
digger cuz you buy me more than I buy you.
Yeah.  This is true she bought a nice jacket.
Nice under pants, socks, everything. I'm not showing you my under pants.
Very dark behind you. Yeah very dark outside. Uhmm the time here is ..
20 past 6:00 in the evening so that's
why it's dark and it's been raining all day.
Raining??That's understatement darling its not been raining
It's absolutely pouring. Yeah it's absolutely pouring today so..
There some poor people down contry is absolutely flooded out. All flooded with all the rain. It such shame for them but they'll sort it.
And yeah..today's Saturday and it's really like pyjama day today. It maybe but its very warm, isn't it? You see it's even 17 degrees now
Yeah. Incredible how warm air it's actually is...
This vlog is like a car vlog
Car vlog?
because somebody
asked or leave a comment that she said
why John is.. what is the english of pinagbawalan(not allowed)? Why John is  preventing you...
Not preventing! You to use perfume.
Avoid? What's the right word?
A perfume because I am! What's the right word? Not to wear perfume. Yeah not to wear perfume. The reason being is..
Because I have allergy with some not all perfume but some perfume contains some I can't remember the name
but what it doesit makes my nose run, it makes my eyes stream and very sore
It just very very unpleasant and then it makes me like have a headache and it's just, it makes me feel like I'm ill like I  have got a cold
so I'm not grumping  at her about the make the perfume just probably just my reaction because of what it does to me
uhmm when I come in contact with certain perfume. Yeah and it's not that he is not
allowing me to use perfume right at the
moment is we just kind of find right perfume
for me to suit and like and for
him to be you know to be suited. Yeah.
I can't even wear cologne myself because uhmm.. I can wear deodorant which is fine but I cannot wear an after shaved or anything like that cuz it just "boom" blows my head basically.
And that's all it is. Especially go to airport I can't stay in the perfume areas I've gotta walk through very quickly get out of it
Otherwise I'm just like.. you think
I was crazy so bad. We have a flood.
We have a flood, a flood. And so thats the reason why probably I grump about perfume just cuz of my allergy
Yeah, he always grump at me. You see guys I'm not quite perfect.
Yeah. There you go that's the answer. That's the answer.
I do know, in fact some things I've noticed that make you snivel when you put certain makeups on. Yeah.
Which you sniffling and watery eyes, do you still? Same thing isn't it? You know how I feel with it.
but I like to you wear perfume because I use to wear perfume when when I am back in
the Philippines
But you can't bet your natural..natural  body odor??? Not the ordor, your natural hmm alala smells nice . Eveybody has their own individual smell, don't they?
Like I say one man's pleasure is another man's poison and I find yours like yummy hmm
There you go, so you don't need to mask
it that's all I can say for me okay
We're home from the groceries right now,I have a lemon here with me
Ahh..I peeled the lemon and I dip it in the salt
I know it's not good for you but I used to do this back
home
A lime...I love dipping it in the salt
And I feel like I am craving me like mango all those sour food cuz my throat is aching
So I will dip it. It so delicious. It will be more delicious if this is unripe mango. But my unripe mango es are gone.
I just gonna grind some salt. Here is the lemon. It's not focusing.
hmmm
I don't do this regularly eating lemon, just rare times.
Ay! My ears is itching
I don't know if it's only me but sometimes I wake up in the night with itchy ears
I don't know why. So my bedside table has always a cotton bud in there
I always put them in there. So when I wake up in the night with itchy
just get it in the drawer and then clean my ears. I know there's nothing in it but I don't know why I got itchy ears
John said just the smell of lemon it makes him cough
Good morning John!
John:Morning
John: Micheal will see you and say oh yeah she's vlogging away
That's our neighbour right there. He knows that I am vlogging
(He is showing me how to walk)
He is complaining because I am dragging my boots not boots but wellies and he said
that I am just wearing them out. I don't
know it just how I am
Because this is too still heavy. Very heavy for me
John: You need to be strong.
There you go
Phoebe this way
The leaves are turning red
See? Or I should say brown
So how did you tell your family honey that we are vlogging?
How did I what? Hhow did you tell them we're vlogging?
I am very shocked that he said up oh they that you are vlogging. He never told me that he told to his family
When did you told them? Tell me the sotry.
Just talking to my son one day and I just said that you started doing some youtubing and that
And then I left it at that and then sort of
it later on. I said that you know
I've been hanging around in the background and you been filming and then people been commenting so I sort of..hey up dogs
There another dog
We have another dog
His face that I am walking very slow, his
face is very straight.
It's so beautiful here
There's abandon boat here
so who is this boat?
Look at Pippa's eye mga palangga(my love) Pippa come on.  Come on you! Hang on hun.
Her eyes, she pricked her eyes. She always doing it.Yeah because you're always naughty you.
Right guys oh oh this is scary.
We're now getting some vegetables out of our garden
For our Sunday lunch. Today we're having roast beef
And the gardener is now preparing herself for vegetable retrieving
She's putting a glove on so hands don't
get dirty. Typical Sheila.
But anyway, we pulled a swede. There we go.
Now treat it with respect please.
Look at her she's like a hacker.
You won't want to fall out with her if she's got a knife on her hand, would you?
This is enough? Oh yeah. It's only the two of us darling
No, I thought there is an old lady cooking
But she's not  being fed
No. We fed her.
Are having parsnips? Yeah we are having parnips. Right, which end do you taking parsnips from?
Now John is taking over. I'm not taking over darling.
because some Swede not Swede. Parsnips I mean is hard to pull
Oh!!
We need to get a spade.
I said that before.
Look at his face!!
Well, I don't know that we having parsnips. I will get a thingy for you darling
Is there one in greenhouse? No, I'll get one. Is the door open? Yeah.
There is her running. Look at her she like an athlete
(his pathetic laugh)
Chariots of fire. Yeah.
Look at the speed she goes
Look she's dragging her welly boots
Mia:Bye
What you mean bye?
Bye?
Bye bye.. ?
See I said to her a moment ago
Do we need the spade and she said no, no, no!
You sure? Yes!
Wrong!!!
We killed all the weeds in this patch
So when we come for spring hopefully there
will be no weeds
Here she comes lightning Jack
Look at here, running..
See, run! Run!
Run! Run! Run rabbit! Run!
What? nothing
You need to dig where I pulled darling
Here she is digging
They're quite long way down them, are they?
There's a lot of grass thats why it hard. Weed, yeah I know notice
go on just get your shovel down
inside of them and let's have them out
Watch you don't stab the thing the parsnips. fork would been better, wouldn't it? Yeah.
You want me to do it darling? Yeah here. Here, you hold that.
LOL you bend the spade! Let me go and get the fork. It will be far easier.
Pull some carrots darling. Okay I will pull some carrots.
Look at those carrots
(struggling) Aye!!!
Look!!!Oh my word!! That's a carrot and half darling.
It's so big! Look at the other one? Yeah. So we are only
having two because they're massive
Can I have the bottom of them please? The bottom? Thank you hun. You're welcome
So the dogs are in the kennel because
every time we get some vegetable in the garden
sometime they steal it, run away and eat it. And they dig vegetable out as well
Yeah! They're naughty sometimes
The washing is finished as  before we went for a walk
I put the laundry on
Cuz there are lots to be laundry and the house is having a clothing parade (LOL they are everywhere)
And someone asked me laundry powder/soap/detegent etc I am using?
This is what we using, tablets.We are not posh. Yeah tablet  from Aldi
Yea we are tablet this is from Aldi. It's Almat. This one, how many tablets are there? 18 plus ?
No! Aw...Ahmm..hang on
36 tablets  and this cost only around a £1.00 something. It's very cheap. And actually work very well
So that what we are using for our clothes Almat
