Hey guys  I'm in Silkair plane right
now and I will be traveling with you
guys to Davao  City. This is in Mindanao 
Mindanao is in the Philippines
this is Mindanao is southern part of
 Philippines so I'll be
bringing you some good things around Davao City. By the way this is the
hometown where the president Duterte is
staying.
come on come on already hold on it's
Friday night and it won't be long gotta
check my phone
you
to attract attention.Life vest is under the 
seat.
We are now at the Davao Gulf. Davao city
has about 2.5 million population
making it third most populous
metropolitan area in the Philippines
Davao city has a few festivals to
celebrate every year. KADAYAWAN
Festival where is
there are a lot of exotic fruits and
bountiful celebration parades along the
street. The most second happening here in
Davao City is Araw Ng Davao that
happens every March 16. Araw Ng Davao
is like 
Singapore  National Day. Araw ng Davao
means, Day of Davao. Other Festivals is Pasko Fiesta. (Christmas)
Entire month of December
Filipinos here in Davao City are also
populated with mainly Chinese citizens
so we are celebrating here the Chinese
New Year Festival aside of that there
are also another  celebration
The Mooncake.
similar to Singapore and China . We also
celebrated Mooncake  festival here.
Where Lions Dance performances. etc.
showcase of different flavour of cakes
just in my opinion davao city for me is
safe than in Manila. DAVAO, the
people are more relaxed, obedient to the
mayor which is The Duterte Family.
They been ruling Davao City since the
the beginning of the year I was born or
as far as I could remember.
You are
looking right now the opposite of davao
city is called Samal islands. Samal 
island is beautiful white sand beaches
Many people coming here local
and foreigners for a swim.  It can be
accessed by private boat or Commercial one.
The  Plane had miss to land.  We are
doing our second attempt right now
Welcome to Davao City.  This is the home of the President RODRIGO DUTERTE
