Mangkok's Kinalas. eyes? Eyes? EYES? I have never 
eaten eyes before. The calamansi will make the  
eyes delicious. Coconatz. This looks nice. This 
is Grilled Pusit. okay let's try squid head.
So yesterday we were there for the Kinalas, the 
most delicious kinalas. I heard that statesman  
actually go there in fact when they're in town. 
It's just the best place to get your Kinalas.  
So there you go. So i'm really happy to be back in 
the Philippines. Actually it's been quite some time.
I'm just so happy and the people are always 
so lovely, so friendly, and that's one of the  
wonders of walking around. People say hello to 
you, just wave, oh i found somewhere else to go.  
Mangkok's Kinalas. Well i had Kinalas yesterday 
so i'm going to try something else. What shall i  
go for? A lot of choice here. I don't know 
what i'm going to have. Oh let's go in anyway.
Morning!
Morning morning. Ah Sisig. Hi there 
i'm just wondering what to eat?
What would you recommend for food here? Morning. 
What is Baka?  Eyes. eyes? Eyes? EYES? Yes.
What animal's eyes? Like 
pig eyes? So... Like pig?
Cow! Cow eye soup.  I've never tried this in my 
life: Eyes.  Okay i'm going to be very brave  
today. i will try... so meta??? How do you pronounce 
this? Mata ng Baka.  okay i'll try it. I have never  
eaten eyes before.  Am I being ultra brave or 
ultra crazy today?   Ah so is this eyes? "Yes". okay.
Cool. I have never eaten eyes before. i 
was hoping they'd be kind of like staring  
back at me but they're not. I think they're 
chopped up already. So this is cows eyes soup.
I was really hoping for an Indiana Jones 
moment, remember that scene in the movie where  
the eyes roll around in the soup? So this is eyes  
um you can't actually see their 
eyes. hahaha... you can't SEE their eyes!
okay so again we get the calamansi. That's 
the little lemon. We are going to squeeze  
it in here, and forgetting again to put it 
through the fork so i get all the pips. Yum.  
The calamansi will make the eyes delicious 
apparently and they won't taste like eyeballs.
okay let's start with the eyeball broth.
Can you see them looking back at me? 
I can see all the fluffy goo from the 
eyeballs. Look that's the eyeball right  
there.  Let's try the broth first.  Eyeball broth.
What do you think this tastes like?
Here's LOOKING at you kid.  okay so it 
tastes like broth. okay now we'll try  
the whites of the eye. So this is eye, eyeball.
Cow eyeball in fact. What does eye taste like?
That is like jelly but without the sugar 
and without the fruit. Basically... fat  
Eye fat.  That's my favorite actually, eye fat.
oh my gosh, let's try for some more eye fat.
Let's try it again, do you want some? Surely 
you want some eyeball? Come on, Come on.
You know what? I don't mind this at all.  It's very 
gooey like a very soft eyeball. You thought they  
might be like... squirty.... right? You'd have thought you'd 
bite into it and squirt everywhere but it's not.  
You wouldn't know unless someone told 
you, you wouldn't know this is eyeball.
Oh... what am i doing this for? I'm gonna go 
and eat a steak or something after this.
Somewhere there's a blind cow walking around a 
field.    okay eyeball, here we go. They should serve  
this at Mcdonald's. Really good. In the comments 
below, type in your favorite eyeball pun.
ok, that's Mang Koks. That was nice.  I've never tried 
that before, cow eye soup. Would you try that?
Let me know in the comments below. Have you tried 
that and you like it?  It's not bad actually, you  
might be quite surprised.   I recommend giving 
it a shot. okay we're going to keep wandering  
up this street, this street here. Let's see what 
we've got. I'm just gonna pop into wherever i see  
first.  Let's hope there's a food place around 
here. I'm hoping we're gonna pop around and  
we're actually gonna see something round 
here. Anything!  So to recap: this is Dyangdang,  
famous for kinalas.  i'm not sure if it's 
famous for Cow Eye Soup. I thought it was  
certainly tasty and i'll be asking.... oh wow! 
COCONATZ a Bicalano restaurant. Let's try this.
This looks nice. Very different 
to where i just was, eh?!
Very nice, and you know what 
i like about this place?
Air conditioning!  okay so it looks like 
Coconatz is Bicalano-specific food. Bicalano  
dishes with coconut milk. We like that. We've 
got all kinds of things here. all coconut based. 
This is the one I saw online. It's Grilled Pusit. 
So grilled squid i assume. So this is Coconatz.  
Apparently it's pretty legendary in this area. I 
guess it's a bit more upmarket compared to the other  
places in my video, and the price tags do reflect 
that but i'm i'm very interested in this squid.
So i really want to see what that's like.
i'll try the grilled pusit. "What size?" Small please.
This is Grilled Pusit, squid. This is 
a small one but it looks amazing doesn't it?
As you can see, very distinctive
isn't it?  okay let's go in now.
That's looking good isn't it. So it's filled 
with surprise things. That looks like chili,
and we all remember what happened to me when i 
ate the last chili?! Let's be careful this time.
So let's look at this. This is 
looking pretty good isn't it.
Sometimes squid can be rubbery so 
let's see how this has come out.
oh wow! That's a surprising burst of flavor. I 
really wasn't expecting that. It's fantastic.
I would say there's hints of chili, green 
pepper, and probably quite a lot of calamansi.
Again just burnt nicely, caramelized, onto 
the outer part of the squid.  Very nice.
Let's go in again, this time with 
chili. Nothing can go wrong, right?!
OH! What is about the chilies in this 
area??!!! oh my gosh i've done it again!!!!!
Why did i do that twice? I'm stupid!!!!
Oh crickey it's hot!
It's how they've caramelized it,
that's the trick. Can you see that?
You see the the caramel around it? Delicious.
okay let's try SQUID HEAD. We'll try the 
tentacles first. okay, squid head tentacle.
You know how you can order 
squid and sometimes it can  
be very rubbery? This isn't like that 
at all. This is absolutely delicious.
Nice and soft as it should be. Caramelized around 
the edge. 10 out of 10. I highly recommend this.
That's the end of my little tour of Dyangdang. So 
what did we try? We tried a local coffee made with  
locally grown coffee beans, we then tried 
Kinalas, which i really really enjoyed, kind  
of like a spaghetti soup. We then tried... we tried 
a chili didn't I?  Crazy man.  TWICE! And then i tried  
Eyeball Soup, cow eyeball soup. Very 
interesting, never done that before.
And then finally i had the grilled squid. Really 
delicious. All the foods were MASIRAM.  I'll see you  
next time. Please do SUBSCRIBE and hit NOTIFY 
for this channel because i really do want to do  
more videos about the Philippines which you 
can watch. More videos about filipino food
and the culture. We all enjoy going on this 
little adventure together see you next time!
