It is so very weird here guys! You know why?
For example here, Bull that has 2 heads.
This one, Chicken with 4 legs.
And the weirdest thing guys that I've seen here is . . .
The Mummy.
How are you guys, I'm so sorry if I wasn't able to make any vlogs in the past few days because
We're so busy preparing for the
Wedding of my sister in law.
So today we are going to Seattle
And we're going to drop off our cousin to the airport
She's going back today to Virginia.
That's why we need to take advantage of the time that we will be in Seattle
Because it's more than an hour away from here.
We need to grab this opportunity to have a tour in Seattle.
So guys stay tuned because I'm gonna update you for this whole day.
Yeah, I'm gonna go for a long drive first okay.
See you all later.
We're at our first destination for this morning.
We're gonna eat some breakfast.
Here in
There as you can see
To the Pancake House.
So we're gonna eat first before we drop off our cousin Juvy to the airport.
So there guys, come with me and let's go inside.
There's not much people right now so
We can go in now
They said
Reservation only
But it looks like they don't have
What do you call that
Looks like they don't have much passengers today
No not passengers.
Looks like they don't have that much customer today so
I think we can go inside now.
Let's go guys!
So guys, we are now inside the Pancake House
We're just waiting for our
Friends to come
We still have one more group that's coming.
Which is my sister in law who got married yesterday.
We're just waiting for them before ordering some food.
And there.
So guys, let's eat!
[Big bite]
[Big bite]
[Big bite]
[Big bite]
[Big bite]
No more diet!
[Big bite]
[Big bite]
So we're now done eating at the Pancake House guys
Now we're going to Seattle.
After we get some gas, we will go to the airport to drop off our cousin Juvy.
Then after that we will head on.
Yes guys we are now walking here in downtown Seattle.
As you can see my mask changed
I'm so dumb
I think I accidentally dropped my mask at the gasoline station earlier
I noticed it after we left, so now I'm using a disposable mask.
So ugly!
So now we are heading to Gum Wall.
One of the most famous
Attraction here in downtown Seattle.
Okay so see you guys once we get there
I'm gonna show you the Gum Wall here in Seattle.
Guys, we are now here, the Famous Gum Wall here in Seattle.
As you can see the wall guys
It's so Stink!
All the walls on this Alley are full of Gum.
Even on the windows you can see gum
I don't know but I think they started putting gum in here until it gets so much.
I don't know the real story here but
It's amazing because, there's too many gum.
As you can see guys, there's really a lot here.
From here to there.
Walls and windows are full of gum.
I'm speechless.
It's so amazing.
Let's see where else can we go
Let's see okay
I need my mask because it's stink!
I can smell all of it.
So guys, stay tuned okay, we're still gonna walk around.
So guys we are now heading to
This is the very first Starbucks in the World.
That can only be found here in Seattle
So now we are going there
But they stopped by first.
Looks like they wanted to buy something inside, I'm not sure what store is this
It's there, It's just there
The first ever Starbucks in the whole world.
It's amazing, so let's see once we go there.
I'll update you, see you.
Guys, we are now here in Old Starbucks, which is the first ever Starbucks built.
But, we might not go inside because
You can see how long the line is.
The line is so long and
For safety purposes
Since we have kids with us, we decided not to go inside anymore.
The most important thing is at least we had a chance to see this.
This is legendary because it's the first Starbucks in the world.
Too bad I can't go inside but it's okay
There's so many people.
So now we're going to the Sea Park, I'm not sure what's in here.
But we will see.
Wow
This is really awesome.
Look at this padlocks, it has name on it guys.
There's the Ferry
And here's the Ferris Wheel.
From here we can see the T-mobile Park, right there.
And there's rails down there.
This is too high.
It's so beautiful.
We're still gonna walk around guys.
Let's see what else can we see here.
So guys we are now walking here at the
Most famous market here in Seattle which is the Pike Place Farmers Market.
We just passed through it.
We're at the end.
There's even a pig statue here.
Let's keep walking guys
So earlier guys
As you can see, earlier we're up there.
I'm not sure but I know it's up there.
Now we went down
And we are now heading to the Ferris Wheel
We're gonna ride the Ferris Wheel guys.
This is exciting because we're gonna see the view of Seattle from the Ferris Wheel
Watch out for it guys
We're going up the Ferris Wheel
I'm going to show you this, this is awesome, see you.
So guys we are now waiting to go inside the Ferris Wheel
There, as you can see.
Woooh! We are now inside the Ferris Wheel guys! Oh my god.
Super excited guys look.
We're about to go, I think this will last for about 10-15 minutes.
Still waiting for more passengers.
So that we can go.
It doesn't look that busy guys so I think we're the only ones here inside the Ferris Wheel.
I'm gonna show you the view later okay.
So, just chill.
There guys, so we already went down from the Ferris Wheel.
We're now here I'm not sure but I think here is where you can find the shops and restaurants after riding the Ferris Wheel.
It's hard to talk, coz of this mask.
My brother, he knows me.
Hi.
My friends went to the restroom, so I'm just gonna wait here.
Come on, let's walk.
They also have a carousel but it''s off maybe because there's not much tourist coming right now.
They also have a candy crane.
We're just waiting for our company and then I'm not sure where we are gonna go next.
So because it's hot, we stopped by to grab some Ice cream.
Ice cream for you.
Here, there are shops and many more.
And here
I'm with the newly weds
This is Marie.
And Steven.
So this are the Newly Weds!
So we came here on their special day.
Their wedding, that's the reason why we came here.
But since the wedding is done, we now have some time to relax, walk around here in downtown Seattle.
It's not really hot here because the temperature is cold.
We' re now here inside the souvenir shop.
To buy some souvenirs that we can bring home to Hawaii.
So we already went to some souvenir shops
Now we are going to this shop named
"Ye Olde Curiosity Shop"
They said they have weird things here so, let's see.
Okay let's go.
It is so very weird here guys! You know why?
For example here, Bull with 2 heads.
Here, Chicken with 4 legs.
The the weirdest thing that I've seen here is
The Mummy.
Real human, this is Sylvester.
He died, he's drunk
and passed out in Arizona
Until he died
And he's body got dried
And they put him here in this shop.
And there's another one here.
This one
This lady
This is real Mummy guys.
This woman is Sylvia.
She used to live here on this shop
I'm not sure what happened but
It's unbelievable.
And there's also a kid Mummy here.
He's just a kid but he's also here
And a skull that got hit by a bow on it's head.
It was struck by a bow on it's head.
And guys, you know what I've found out?
That this small skulls right here, even smaller than my fist.
Here look.
Are real human head.
They made it small, those old tribes.
Back then maybe around 20th Century
So 1870's they started making small heads
How did they do that?
They're gonna cut their enemies head
And they're gonna remove the skull
From the mouth or neck
Then they're gonna stitch
Til the head get's smaller and smaller
And these are the results guys, real human heads guys.
Smaller than my fist
Here look, right?
It's so amazing.
I don't know how they did it.
Look at this, this is a head of a baby, it looks so young.
You can also see some artifacts here.
There's a shield that was used in War.
Look at this guys, it says
This is a war shield used by the Igorots head hunters of the Philippine Islands who fight with spears.
So this is an original shield from the Philippines
It was made from the Philippines guys, and it's here in Seattle.
This are the old shields that the Igorots used to fight in War in the Philippines before.
Head Hunters Hat, and that's also from the Philippines guys, look at that.
It was on the head of the Hunters before in the Philippines
From Bontoc Igorot Men of the Philippines
There's some Head Hunter Axe
From the Northern Philippine Islands also, this 2 axe's right here guys
This two.
Original came from the Philippines.
Amazing
So many weird stuff here guys
So amazing.
That's why they are called curiosity shop
because, you're gonna get curious of what they have here.
And there's more artifacts hanging there guys, look.
All kinds of stuff like head
Animal heads
Animal tusks
Mummified monkeys
And also some Human skull
Human Skeleton
Tusk
And all kinds of stuff that you can see here.
Like artifacts.
Here is Sylvester.
He's the Mummy inside there.
These are real humans guys
No kidding, real humans.
Mummy.
So let's see, let's walk around more.
They also have some weird folded papers
But it's not just paper because what they used here
Is a dollar, dollar bills.
So they are folded to all different kinds I'm not sure what are those.
Helmet, Spaceship, Duck
Pig, Eagle
Pyramid, Flapping Bird, Crane, Mexican Hat
Jet, and so many more.
Let's look on the other side.
So here, there's not much of an extraordinary things
But I saw some at the entrance.
I'm not sure, but we can check again later.
Let's go, let's look around more.
So guys, we already left downtown Seattle
We are now on our next stop
We just arrived here, I wasn't able to make vlog earlier because
Freeway is busy, I had to focus driving, so only now I can make a video.
Our next stop guys is the South Center
Which where you can find the Seafood City
Of the Filipino
They also have Chowking and Jollibee, but I'm not sure If they are open.
But we will see, I'll update you.
Let's go inside the Seafood City.
So because we couldn't eat Chowking in Hawaii
We decided to buy food here in Chowking Seattle
But we're not gonna eat here because their dining area were closed
We're just gonna take out and eat at the food court.
Finally we can eat Chowking again guys, amazing.
So we are now here inside the
South Center Mall
To have some rest and eat lunch because what time is it?
Almost 3:00 pm here.
It was a bit tiring walking around in downtown Seattle.
That's why we stopped by here at South Center Mall to eat.
And we bought our food in Chowking earlier.
And the one next to it, I forgot the name.
We're gonna eat first
And we will see where are we going next
I'm tired.
See you guys okay.
We are now going home guys from Seattle
I'm gonna drive for more than an hour
That's why as you can see.
My companies
All passed out.
So that's how hard my life is, driving without talking to anybody.
I'm by myself while driving really far.
Fighting against my tiredness
While my companies are already sleeping well
And they're all snoring
Oh my god
I'll update you guys once we're home because
I think I'll be by myself the whole time because they're all down.
All down, as you can see.
I'll be showing you guys the way home, I'm gonna try to take some videos.
See you guys in a bit.
And we are now home! This is a very exhausting day.
So sleepy because it was a long way. More than an hour drive.
Very far, considering that I'm already driving really fast.
And before I end this video I wanna thank
All of you who watch and tuned in
And for coming with me spending the day here in Seattle, Wa.
And also don't forget to like and share
And subscribe to my youtube channel to be updated on the latest uploads
And comment down below what can you say about today's tour.
And before I end this video, Shout out to. . .
I'm gonna end this here, again thank you all so much for watching this video.
See you guys on my next vlog, until next time.
