So our Bulalo soup is her,e it's really simple
While talking about Philippines food culture we all have this misconception
about the fact that they eat dogs and cats alot frequently.
As if cats and dogs will run at the sight of seeing Filipinos.
But based on my currently journey here at manila and even at Angeles city
I never came across any dog/cat meat not even at the market
Even when I asked them about it, they were surprised too
as they did asked me more about this information, as most of them don't even consume such meat anymore.
I'm sure they don't have such food culture here in Manila and Angeles city.
Even I considered them as such people, with a weirder food culture
That's what I heard about this place but my experience here changed it.
This is a really huge food court with tons of people
And there are tons of world known companies such as KFC, McDonalds etc
They even have tons of different food, as their unique food is what attracted me more
And these are their rice, different varieties of rice  we will see more about this soon
And I don't have enough time to explore every single food item
But we will try to see as much as possible, which will be launched soon
For now we are not going in detail for those.
And pork is one of their favorite item as you can see tons of pork items
Rick, Egg and pork is being listed here as main dish
Listed around the country and one of my famous dish is their buffalo leg soup
I did try it back in Angeles City and I want to try it again here
As it's one of their special item
Bulalo, it's one of their special item and it's made by beef leg
Lets see how it's cooked as they have the beef pre-boiled and then they add the corn
As they have each item sorted for soup prior to cooking
As they boil each items
As chopped beef leg, quite a large piece
followed by the leaves and other ingredients.
Everything is pre-boiled so they cook it properly once we order.
So they use this to make the soup we have tried Goat leg soup but here they use buffalo leg soup
I really liked this item alot and it's delicious and tasty
I did try it back in Angeles city and I wanted to try it here in Manila as well
These are the workers within the store
and they were so happy to see the camera
as people here are friendly specially if you walk in with a camera.
So lets see the shop here and if you visit this country feel free to try this soup
So our soup is ready
I'll drop my review after eating this.
So our soup is here
It's really simple as you saw how it's made
So lets give this a taste test.
So for all of my audience I'm going to try the soup
It's really delicious and tasty, not saying ti for fun
As they have added corn cooked
Chopped piece of buffalo feet/leg
As it's a machine cut
And some vegetable leaves, you can use any leaves.
It's not over spicy, it's slightly salty and sour
It has a taste that you'll enjoy
I will try to make this with my mom back home and I hope you will all try the same
