AMY GOODMAN: This is Democracy Now!, democracynow.org, the War and Peace report,
I’m Amy Goodman.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: And I’m Juan Gonzalez. Welcome to all of our listeners and viewers across the country and
around the world.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: President Trump has reiterated
his calls for the U.S. to impose the death
penalty on drug dealers, praising countries
like the Philippines, China and Singapore
that apply capital punishment to drug traffickers.
This is Trump speaking in Moon Township, Pennsylvania,
on Saturday.
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: Think of it.
You kill 5,000 people with drugs, because
you’re smuggling them in and you’re making
a lot of money and people are dying, and they
don’t even put you in jail.
They don’t do anything.
But you might get 30 days, 60 days, 90 days.
You might get a year.
But you’re not going to get—and then you
wonder why we have a problem.
That’s why we have a problem, folks.
And I don’t—I don’t think we should
play games.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: During his speech, President
Trump recounted conversations with Chinese
and Singaporean leaders who, he said, solved
their countries’ drug problems by executing
drug traffickers.
Trump has also repeatedly expressed admiration
for Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte
and said he’s done a, quote, “unbelievable
job on the drug problem.”
Last month, the International Criminal Court
opened a preliminary investigation into accusations
that Duterte has committed crimes against
humanity by overseeing the killing of up to
8,000 people in his so-called war on drugs.
AMY GOODMAN: This is not the first time Trump
has called for executing drug dealers.
Earlier this month, he made similar remarks
during a White House summit on the opioid
crisis.
On Friday, The Washington Post reported the
Trump administration is studying new policy
that could allow prosecutors to seek the death
penalty for drug dealers.
For more, we’re joined by Widney Brown,
the managing director of policy at the Drug
Policy Alliance.
Her recent piece for The Hill is headlined
“Trump’s call for death penalty is the
wrong response to drug war.”
Widney Brown, welcome to Democracy Now!
WIDNEY BROWN: Thank you.
AMY GOODMAN: Talk about what Trump called
for this weekend.
WIDNEY BROWN: Well, basically, he’s saying
he wants to execute people who bring drugs
into the country or otherwise sell drugs.
The problem is, supply-side initiatives have
failed.
We have a war on drugs that started in the
1970s.
If it was a success, we wouldn’t be having
an opioid overdose crisis today.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: Well, in the waning days of
the Obama administration, there seemed to
be a consensus on moving forward to end the
war on drugs, to begin trying to reduce the
prison population.
But now the Trump administration clearly is
going in the opposite direction.
WIDNEY BROWN: Exactly.
I think Trump and also the attorney general
are both going back to ways that we know have
failed, which has led to mass criminalization
in the U.S.
It’s devastated communities of color.
It’s been racially disproportionate in the
ways that drug laws have been enforced.
It’s been a failure.
And we actually know how to save lives.
Let’s be clear: We have a crisis here.
But we know how to save lives.
And that’s by implementing harm reduction
policies that allow people to use drugs safely,
engage with them if they want to seek treatment,
and move away from a criminal justice sector
focus on the drugs to a public health sector
focus.
AMY GOODMAN: So, let’s go to President Trump,
again, speaking this weekend in Moon Township,
Pennsylvania.
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: When I was in China—and
other places, by the way—I said, “Mr.
President, do you have a drug problem?”
“No, no, no.
We do not.”
I said, “Huh, big country, 1.4 billion people,
right?
Not much of a drug problem.”
I said, “What do you attribute that to?”
“Well, uh, the death penalty.”
AMY GOODMAN: And then I want to go to Filipino
President Rodrigo Duterte in his own words.
In 2016, Duterte likened himself to Hitler.
PRESIDENT RODRIGO DUTERTE: Hitler massacred
3 million Jews.
Now, there is 3 million—what is it?
Three million drug addicts, there are.
I’d be happy to slaughter them.
At least if Germany had Hitler, the Philippines
would have [me].
You know, my victims, I would like to be all
criminals.
AMY GOODMAN: So, there is the Philippine President
Duterte comparing himself to Hitler.
Last month, again, the International Criminal
Court opened a preliminary investigation into
accusations he committed crimes against humanity
by overseeing the killing of up to 8,000 people
in his war on drugs.
President Trump praised both China and the
Philippines.
WIDNEY BROWN: Exactly, which is appalling.
You don’t kill your way out of a drug crisis.
And what’s happening in the Philippines
is you actually have death squads going around
summarily rounding up or killing people based
on allegations that they may use drugs.
That is not how you solve a drug problem.
And that we have a president who’s actually
saying, “I want to emulate this behavior,”
which—one of the things we’ve seen in
the U.S. because of the war on drugs is the
evisceration of due process and fair trial
protections.
So we’ve already got a problem in the U.S.
The last thing you want to do is emulate things
that even more undermine the rule of law here.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: And isn’t the problem, especially
in the United States, of drug trafficking
these days, it’s even more so now—it’s
not the illegal or banned substances.
It’s the controlled substances, the chemicals,
like—or the pills, that are being dispensed
by pharmacists and doctors, in ways that are
creating a massive epidemic across the country.
So, this is—if you’re talking now about
going after the drug dealers, you’re talking
about going after the pharmacists and the
doctors, not the people on the street selling
drugs.
WIDNEY BROWN: Exactly.
I’m not sure that’s what President Trump
had in mind.
But clearly we have an opioid crisis that
started with prescription drugs.
There’s been a failure to regulate.
People who are on the drugs, they become addicted.
They’re cut off from the drugs.
Then they turn to street drugs that they can
get.
And again, we’re not putting in place the
harm reduction measures that we could: safe
injection site, needle exchange, access to
naloxone, which can save lives in the moment,
plus engagement with treatment.
And we do that—the reason we’re not doing
that and are not—we are trying to do that.
It needs to be done much more comprehensively.
But when you stigmatize people because they
use drugs, then it’s much harder to get
them engaged with you.
And that’s what we’re trying to do through
harm reduction strategies.
AMY GOODMAN: Rolling Stone writer Jamil Smith
tweeted, “I’ll just reiterate that the
state has no business killing people, and
that the death penalty is a cornerstone of
systemic racism.
@POTUS isn’t talking about killing the Sacklers,
or Big Pharma executives.”
This weekend, you had also this mass protest
at the Metropolitan, where people threw pills,
because the Sackler supports the Met—the
Sacklers support the Met, as well as many
exhibits around the country.
The Sacklers, of course, the makers of OxyContin—
WIDNEY BROWN: Mm-hmm, yes.
AMY GOODMAN: —though they don’t put their
name on that drug.
WIDNEY BROWN: So I think what you’ve got
are two different issues.
You’ve got: Does the U.S. government effectively
regulate the pharmaceutical industry?
Do they regulate both how things are distributed,
and do they regulate how things are marketed?
Are they paying attention to that?
And I think what we’re seeing because of
this crisis is the answer is a clear no.
But the focus, in terms of the war on drugs,
is, as you say, not the pharmaceutical companies.
It’s actually people who use and often small-time
pushers, as well as some drug traffickers.
Let’s be clear: There are all of those.
But the racism issue is profound in the U.S.
The disproportionate policing in communities
of color has devastated those communities
and led to mass criminalization of people
in those communities.
That’s not going to be addressed by the
death penalty.
The death penalty, universally, is being rejected.
About 141 countries in the world no longer
use the death penalty whatsoever.
The U.S. has been moving away from use of
the death penalty.
Now we see Trump wanting to revive the death
penalty, at the very time that we know how
many people have been found factually innocent
who were on death row.
That should give anyone pause.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: Could you talk about the example
of Portugal and how it responded to its drug
problem early in the 21st century?
WIDNEY BROWN: Yes.
In 2001, Portugal had an overdose crisis—much
smaller place, but comparable, in terms of
the percent of the population, to what we’re
having right now.
And they made a radical decision to decriminalize
all drugs.
They set up dissuasion committees, where,
basically, if you were found to be using drugs,
you would go before this committee, and they
would decide whether you needed treatment
or whether your drug use was actually fine.
As a result, their overdose rates plummeted.
Their HIV seroconversion rates plummeted.
Now, to be clear, they have universal healthcare.
They have treatment available to people.
So, if you did that in the United States,
you would not necessarily see all those positive
outcomes.
But the very act of decriminalizing means
you would at least reduce the harms that are
associated with criminalizing people.
And those harms include everything from, of
course, being incarcerated, but even if you’re
not incarcerated, but under the control of
the criminal justice system, access to housing,
access to scholarships for higher education,
being able to get a job, voter disenfranchisement.
So, we actually see intense consequences as
a direct result of criminalization itself.
What we’d love to see are the benefits of
actually healthcare treatment available to
anyone.
AMY GOODMAN: I wanted to end with the words
of Raffy Lerma.
He’s the award-winning photojournalist who
documented President Rodrigo Duterte’s so-called
war on drugs.
He came into our studios.
He was winning an award here in New York.
His life has been in grave risk as he goes
out and photographs the killings on the streets,
by military and vigilante paramilitary groups,
of people they say are drug dealers.
Raffy Lerma described the situation on the
ground.
RAFFY LERMA: It’s really overwhelming, what’s
happening in the Philippines right now.
There, close to 14,000 people have been killed
in this—the name of the drug war, and 4,000
of which have been claimed by police in police
operations.
They claim that they have killed 4,000 people.
And the rest are unexplained killings, those
they say that are deaths under investigation.
And some of them are the vigilante killings.
And, well, yes, so many people have been killed.
… I can say most of the killings are poor,
are the poor.
I have also covered people like getting caught
with millions of drugs’ worth, but they’re
alive.
They get due process.
They go to court.
They’re not dying.
And these people, they get killed with 200
pesos’ worth of drugs.
That’s around $4.
That’s your life in the Philippines.
It’s not fair.
AMY GOODMAN: That’s the award-winning photojournalist
Raffy Lerma, speaking to us in New York, has
faced many death threats, as he goes out late
at night on the streets and documents what
he’s seeing across the Philippines.
The president, Rodrigo Duterte, has compared
himself to Hitler, proudly talks about, boasts
about, the number of what he calls drug dealers
killed.
President Trump has supported what Rodrigo
Duterte is doing.
As we wrap up, we want to thank Widney Brown,
managing director of policy at the Drug Policy
Alliance.
And we’ll link to her piece in The Hill
headlined “Trump’s call for death penalty
is the wrong response to drug war.”
Thanks so much for being with us.
WIDNEY BROWN: Thank you.
AMY GOODMAN: This is Democracy Now!
When we come back, as the U.S. investigates
Russia meddling with the U.S. elections, we’re
going to take a look at U.S. history.
We’ll speak with Stephen Kinzer, author
of Overthrow: America’s Century of Regime
Change from Hawaii to Iraq.
Stay with us.
