Hey guys, it's Marichu and welcome back
to my channel. So for today's video I am
finally filming my Philippines haul.
Guys, it's a long overdue one.
So, basically I'm gonna be sharing with you guys, showing the things that I
got from Philippines when we visited
last August.
However today I will be speaking in
Tagalog you guys. Actually no I'm gonna be
speaking in Taglish.
So Tagalog and English okay.
Honestly, I'm gonna stutter if I speak in full Tagalog.
So yes, it's actually my first time speaking in my language.
And you know, since this is a Philippines haul, I was thinking might as well I speak in Tagalog.
So yes, I'm probably gonna put subtitles just because I think
I have more international viewers so those
who can only understand English but yeah
if I'm not lazy to do it then.
I actually bought a lot of things from Philippines
especially in Watsons. I'm actually
gonna do a separate video for that.
If I include what I got from Watsons in this video, It's gonna make this video long.
I decided to separate Watson's haul so
stay tuned on that one.
Anyways, without further ado let's get into my
haul and if you guys want to see what I
bought from Philippines then please keep
on watching.
I think I'm gonna start with clothes first.
So first thing is from Penshoppe.
I bought this men's top. (repeat in Tagalog)
If you guys have seen my flying to Philippines vlog, actually I mentioned
it there. I really like this top. It says game changer in the middle
and on the side of the sleeves and yeah
as I mentioned, I got this from mens section.
and I got the size small. It's
a bit baggy and honestly, it's really pretty.
Perfect for that street style wear. And,  I got this one for Php499.
So the next that I got is from I love for me.   Or I think the brand is called For Me.
and judging from the paper bag, I think it's for ladies only.
But anyways, I got this lovely baby pink,
muted pink dress.
I got the size extra small which is UK 6. It's not that long, it's up to my knees.
It's really pretty. Actually, I've worn this during our house blessing
of our new house and yeah it's so nice. I also like the neck area
and I got this for Php798.
It's a bit expensive.
But because, I already tried it on in the fitting room now.
It's embarrassing if I don't buy it you know. So, yh I just bought it.
So the next items that I got is actually from the airport.
Here they are. From Bath & Body Works and Miniso Japan.
I'm gonna start with the Bath & Body Works. I got these fragrance mists
Actually, I bought three because they were having a promo. 3 for Php2,000.
I forgot how much these were and I lost the receipt. But anyways, they were doing
a promo and if you guys want to buy
individually it costs Php995.
The other one, I gave it to my friend from Philippines.
So I got the scents Warm Vanilla Sugar and
Beautiful Day.
I've already mentioned
from my last video that vanilla is my
favourite scent. Guys, it smells so good.
They were also doing mini sizes of these
for three for Php800 something.
If you want to carry small fragrance mist with you then go for the mini ones.
So the next items that I got is actually from Miniso Japan,
As I've said, I bought these from the airport.
I think it's in Terminal 3 in NAIA.
So first, I got this handheld mirror. What I have are squared mirrors
And I decided to get this circled mirror just
you know, for a change.
And it's just plain blue mirror.
It's pretty, guys.
omg, it's overwhelming in Miniso because there's loads of cute stuff and they're cheap.
The next item that I got.. actually my mum bought this herself.
it's the eyelash curler. This one.
I've tried it and I was like
Ma, it's nice so she gave it to me.
The next one that I got from Miniso is this hand sanitiser gel.
and I got the flavour or scent, grapefruit
omg, it's super cute.
I actually bought 4 of this but the other 3, I gave it to my friends here.
You can carry this with you everywhere you go and
omg guys, it smells so good.
So the last item that I got from Miniso is this passport cover.
It's super cute
This passport cover feels so soft.
My old passport cover is the one from SuperDry.
but it's just plain black cover.
And I saw this one in Miniso and I was like,
Im gonna buy it.
Now, the next items that I got are makeup and beauty stuff.
Here we goo
I bought this The Go Glass set from my friend.
She's actually a distributor of this brand.
So they have the Resurfacing Set and Brightening Set.
I heard a lot of good reviews about these products, this brand.
and I actually bought two sets of their
Resurfacing Set as well as the
Brightening Set but I gave those two to my
mom and she really liked it.
She didn't get any bad reaction using the products.
Basically, in this set there is a soap bar
and then there is a toner,
and they have the serum
and the sunscreen which is this one.
while on the Brightening Set
the same with the Resurfacing Set except that for their
cleanser, it's this one. This is the cleanser.
instead of soap bar
they smell so good.
If you guys are interested on buying these, 
they have their Instagram page and there's a
and there's a lot of distributors of this one in
Philippines.
And I also bought stuff from the Robinsons Department Store.
Honestly guys, it's overwhelming when you go home to the Philippines.
There's loads you want to buy.
Like on the first week, you nearly spend all your money.
Anyways, so, I really like the hair products in the Philippines.
and this is my go to, my holygrail shampoo or brand from the Philippines.
It's called Sunsilk. This is the Strong & Long shampoo.
And this is 350 ml for Php184.50.
Super affordable.
This product is for lengthening your hair and
I don't even know if it's real
that it could lengthen your hair but it feels like it's working on my hair.
So yeah, I've been using Sunsilk ever since I'm young.
So, the partner of Sunsilk has always been Creamsilk.
this conditioner
I bought two different kinds of Creamsilk
These are their newest release, guys
These aren't the Creamsilk that I tried before
So this is the Hydra Fresh.. uuhh Fresh and Hydrated
for oily and greasy hair light
conditioner. This blue one.
Then this one is the Triple Keratin Rescue for intensely damaged and dull hair.
My hair is really weird because my hair is
very prone to oiliness.
That's why I decided to get the for oily and greasy hair.
And sometimes, especially on called weather.
My hair gets damaged easily and this is a good conditioner.
Th next hair product that I got is from Vitress.
But it's basically this hair freshener .
This one. And it smells really good!
Well with me, I wash my hair every other day
And on the day that I don't wash my hair,
I'm thinking of using the hair freshener.
To stay fresh
The last product that I got from Robinsons is this Belo
tinted sunscreen. It's the Perfecting Shield Sun Expert sunscreen.
This one, Rei Germar made me buy this.
I saw this from one of her video ages ago.
And of course, knowing me, I always get carried away whenever
my favourite youtubers rave a product
I bought this from Robinsons because they were doing a promo.
And if you buy one from Watsons, the price is the same as from the Robinsons.
Might as well get this one because you get the full size which is 50 ml
plus free 10 ml sample size.
I recommend this.
If you guys are interested on buying this, go to Robinsons.
Finally, down to our last products.
The infamous, Sunnies Face.
So, it's a famous local beauty brand in the Philippines
There's no way I cannot not visit Sunnies Face.
Especially that I'm not from Manila
so there's no way I can buy Sunnies Face products in my town.
I got this pouch in Toffee colour for Php395.
It looks so nice and it's spacious as well.
I can definitely use this when I'm travelling
Also, I got the smaller version which is this Jelly pouch in Lemonade colour.
and I'm currently using it in university.
This is what it looks like.
And also, what I like about this is it's clear
so you can find whatever you're looking for easily.
I also bought this eyebrow duo.
It's a skinny pencil and grooming gel and I got the shade Ash Brown.
This is what the eyebrow pencil looks like.
When I first saw this,
I was like, omg, it's super skinny.
And if you get this duo, it costs Php595
This is what it looks like.
Can you guys see?
That's the spoolie. It's super skinny!
So you can definitely use this one if you want
that precise eyebrows.
Then for the pair,
it's this eyebrow gel.
this one
The packaging looks cute.
Look how skinny that spoolie is.
As in, it's super precise if you're gonna use this.
I also bought these Airbrush. So, these
are blushes.
This is what they look like.
and I got the shades Doll and Peached.
I haven't tried this one just because I'm
gonna do a separate video of me trying
on Sunnies Face.
And
I also got this Lip Dip which is a whipped matte lip cream.
This is what it looks like.
And I got the shade Girl Crush.
It's this one.
Super cute. The packaging looks pretty as well.
It smells so good!
Last but not the least is this Fluffmatte.
modern matte lipstick
This is what it looks like. The packaging looks pretty.
And I got the shade Baked.
The packaging looks so pretty.
Look at that shade!
It's so pretty!
Baked is warm peached shade
whereas Girl Crush is more on rosy red shade.
So yes, as I've said, I'm gonna make a separate video of Sunnies Face
reviewing them
so stay tuned for that video.
Anyways, that is it for my Philippines haul guys.
I hope you enjoyed watching this mini haul.
I hope you guys like this video. if
you do, give a thumbs up.
Also, don't forget to subscribe to my channel and
comment down below what do you guys
think of my Taglish and this whole
video.
And yeah, I will see you guys next time.
Byeee
