now your accident straight away confuses me
because you look filipino, are you filipino?
I am, born and raised. You're born and raised
filipino? But she's got an Essex accent everyone's.
Yeah as in born and raised here.. born and
raised here look at this
good afternoon and 
welcome to another episode of the day in the
uk and today we are back at the brilliant
sunrise cafe yeah and we've got one thing
to say mabuhay to all my brilliant filipino
subscribers out there and kamusta which is
hello i should have said that the other way
around shouldn't i anyway let's get out to
the cafe and try some more food this is poppy
my niece she's gonna be trying food with me
today she's a little bit fussy about food
so let's see if she actually likes it would
you reckon? I think I'll like it! let's do
it come on
and here we are at the filipino cafe again
here we go look at this fantastic this one
looks good to me pops you sit down at that
table some of the people that contacted me
and left comments over in the philippines
told me about different dishes that i should
try so what we're going to do today we're
going to try lots of different dishes that
the subscribers in the philippines have mentioned
so i've already found some lovely ladies who
are eating at the sunrise cafe hello my dear
hello what's your name samaya samaya and are
you a local at sunrise cafe? Yes. Pretty much...
what have you got here this looks amazing
uh it's a fried chicken fried chicken yeah
right obviously fried chicken rice
fried chicken and rice is it tasty uh yeah
it's absolutely fine because it's not too
spicy yeah the way i wanted and its got vegetable
in it so yeah it's absolutely lovely very
good and you're with your friend here as well
and these are your beautiful daughters lovely
hello hello hello my lovely what's your name
oh we'll go back here what's your name darling
emil amira amira and...Ilmiat, Ilmiat!
gorgeous names gorgeous names are you enjoying
your food yeah lovely hello how are you doing
you alright? right you've got what it looks
like that looks like a thai chicken curry
but it's obviously is it yeah so why are you
having a thai chicken curry at the sunrise
cafe
Just fancied a change really...you fancy the
change but i notice here you've got something
else is this filipino here
erm its an onion Bhaji...that's an onion Bhaji!
so actually you're not eating filipino food
at all? No, no! See everyone see that's the
benefit of the sunrise cafe you can eat different
food as well you can eat english food you
can eat thai food we can eat filipino food
right! Hello ladies hello little one say hello
hello hello hi how you doing good thanks now
your accident straight away confuses me because
you look filipino are you filipino? yeah i'm
born and raised you're born and raised filipino
but she's got an essex accent everyone. Yeah
as in born and raised here. Born and raised
here.. where in the philippines were did your
family derive from? um my mum is from the
next city underneath the capital Manilla which
i really love so she's from cavite and my
dad's from south Philippines.. oh really..yeah,
amazing and what have you got this looks absolutely
outstanding! This is something called Kare
Kare. I don't know how to say it in a filipino
accent..ok..Kare Kare, I don't know?
just beef in a peanut sauce with beans and
aubergines oh like a satay sauce yeah it's
great with shrimp paste and that's good with
shrimp paste yeah okay it's important that
we know the condiments that fit with this
isn't it yeah that looks incredible really
tender it looks tender it looks absolutely
outstanding yeah i would that's that's something
i could try and you my lovely hi hello what's
your name i'm mary lou, mary lou and you're
filipino as well? I am.. and where do your
family derive from? um my mom her side comes
from hello she comes from where? Aklan yeah
and then dad's side comes from isabella isabella?
but obviously i only know we do have family
in manilla which is the main bulk of where
everybody is from, it's the capital...amazing
and you've got what looks like the filipino
breakfast right? I do you have the filipino
breakfast.. is that tapa tocino this is tapa
yeah that's tapa the beef isn't it.. yes yeah
and then this is longaniza, this is like a
sweet sausage sweet sausage? Yes.. amazing
that looks really good but i had something
similar before and you my lovely you've got
similar to what i had last time. What have
I got? You've got tocino and lechen Kawali.
Its like a fried pork...that's lichen Kawali
there? Yeah
and look at all the dishes they've got this
is what we're going to do we're going to get
stuck in to all the dishes! Poppy, how good
do these dishes look over here they look really
good don't they... are you excited? right
let's go and meet the ladies who are serving
this delicious food we've we've seen them
before, Evelyn and Edna and i think we've
got some ladies as well we've got some hello
we're going to turn this around how you doing
girls? how's it going they're getting all
giggly!
they're getting all giggly! Haha! where's
your auntie? where is your aunty? here we
go here we go
we're back hello evelyn how you doing my darling?
I'm alright thank you. Right this is for you
because i've thrown it listen what i did is
i phoned these ladies up and i said i'm going
to come and eat your food again this is for
you and your staff to share okay thank you
thank you because basically i phoned them
up this morning yeah you did yeah but i actually
i text them on instagram and said i'm gonna
come down and film part two and they're like
oh i don't know it's really busy we're really
tired but you've been great sports so here
we are right now i've got a list of things
that my subscribers were talking about right
this is what they said i should try they said
i should try kari kari, oh yeah that's the
one that you asked the lady on table four
yes now that looks amazing right and she said
have it with shrimp paste oh yeah right lechon
kawali with rice kari kari with rice and shrimp
paste what else would you recommend? adobo?
yeah kari kari erm, crispy pata...what you
eating all today? say again? Today? Is that
all too much?
it's too much what would you would you recommend?
Kari Kari, and lechon kawali today...
both with rice and can we have have you got
any calamansi juice, We have ice tea...no
calamansi..no
Ah we've already tried that, one iced tea
because i've tried it but i'm with my niece
we'll try an iced tea and what about a small
dish on the side outside that what else would
you recommend?
salt and pepper squid...yeah let's do some
salt and pepper squid chunks as well
amazing right let's sit down at the table
and get prepared for the meal okay so we've
already got the drinks
that's the iced tea that's for you to try
pops because i've already tried the iced tea
that's right thank you very much lovely
this is the sweet tea
she's poured it into a little jug
do you like that, yeah
it is really really good and i love tea as
well so if you love tea and you love sweet
tea or even if you've been to india and you've
tried their sweet tea obviously the indian
tea has got like a spice taste to it that
masala chai so it doesn't taste like that
it's just a very sweet cold tea and actually
i've got to be honest the more ice you put
in this the better it's lovely okay so the
food has arrived we've got a salt and pepper
squid, its very popular, yeah all right lovely
what else have we got here? this is something
i want you to try.. this is a pork belly kawaii
breakfast we call it it's also popular for
everyone everyone over here oh right this
was was this a different thing okay oh this
is kawali...you wanted crispy pate..yeah..
but i told you crispy pata is a big one yeah
amazing this is the lechon kawali, lechon
kawali breakfast pops what do you think of
that does that look good? yeah the second
dish is coming up and what is this again my
lovely kari kari this is kari kari oh wow
yeah now Ill grab your shrimp paste...thank
you and the shrimp paste yeah
look at this so this is the shrimp paste yeah
yeah what do you do with the shrimp paste?
i'm not ready um ask this lady what do you
think that's all what what happens with the
shrimp paste you just dip it in you mix it
into the curry can you just dip the beef in
there a little bit you can do have a taste
because it's an acquired taste it's an acquired
taste shrimp paste isn't it yeah i know you
mean yeah have a little taste and if you like
it mix it in then you can mix it in all right
lovely now i've been told by all these lovely
filipinos that you eat with a fork and a spoon
in the philippines so this apparently acts
as a knife you have to correct me if that's
wrong i believe this acts as a knife that's
what i was told anyway right she's trying
the lechon kawali how is it? really good let
me try it let me try it
oh yeah
my god this here is the one of the best pieces
of pork crackling that i've ever tried it's
absolutely beautiful because they've cooked
the fat down to a beautiful crisp....its really
juicy isn't... it yeah all right Poppy, try
that
and this is the garlic rice this is poppy
trying the garlic rice poppy is notoriously
fussy with food yeah okay here we go
you like it thumbs up she likes it but i was
told i was told by you lovely filipinos out
there that when you're eating any food you
can't just eat it on its own so you have to
eat the mixture of all three you have to eat
the pork crackling the egg and the rice isn't
that true? I was told some people say why
didn't you eat everything together so you're
going to eat all this stuff together tell
me what it tastes like all as one so you have
a bit of the egg a bit of rice and a bit of
the lechon Kawali give it 
a go i'm gonna do the same i'm gonna do the
same and we're gonna get to this in a minute
as well because this looks absolutely amazing
okay
a bit of the rice, and a bit of the lechon
kawali
that worked really well okay so if you listen
to this tell them what you just said pops..
i don't like trying things together..Poppy
doesn't like trying things together so she's
a bit freaked out by this, have some come
on get some of that all right she's got we're
making her do this that's it give it a go.
Is it good? She's loving it!
this is the crispy
so we've got crispy squid here everyone this
is something they suggested that i didn't
even think i was going to try it give it a
try
she's not sure if she likes squid.. give it
a try
how is it? she's not fussed about that i'm
gonna give it a go as well here i'm not a
big squid fan i've got to be honest I'm not
It's okay it's okay but i'm not a massive
fan of squid
so this is lechon Kawali thank you so this
is lechon Paksiw
this was on one of your lists oh wow so evelyn's
just delivered this lechon Paksiw
oh thank you very much yeah by that as well
all right brilliant stuff so we've got some
more dishes to try here let's try this okay
let's put some of this on the plate yeah
now this is the kari kari here we go here
we go
okay
sauce looks absolutely immense and i'm a big
fan of curry as well so let's give this a
try pops let's give the kari kari a try let
me know if you think
she said she's scared...why are you scared?
i don't know what it is!? It's because she's
never tried it
quite good she likes it what does it taste
like give me the flavours
tell them tell them
you don't like the texture...I like the taste
but not the texture
I'm going to eat this with the rice because
i don't you guys having a go at me because
I haven't eaten it together
i know what you mean about the texture it's
kind of a beefy fatty texture isn't it i love
that i love that taste but we've also been
told that the shrimp paste goes with it so
could you try the shrimp paste with that and
let me know what it's like.. don't be scared
Poppy! she's not a fan of shrimp
oh i love this
okay ready so let's take some of this get
some of the shrimp paste here
we're going to add that
we're going to add that to the kari kari beef
with the rice
oh wow
oh i love it oh that's amazing okay when you
get to the sunrise cafe or if you eat filipino
food.. when you get this kari kari or any
dish.. that shrimp paste is out of this world
it's outstanding i mean i like it you might
hate it but at least at least give it a try
i think that's fantastic i think that makes
it
let's try some more of this as well
poppy just said she doesn't like shrimp
by the way the reason i'm shouting loudly
because it's really busy in here
poppy's got a much more quieter voice than
me i'm a loud mouth which is what i'm sort
of translating here you said you don't like
the you don't usually like shrimp but that
tastes nothing like shrimp does it how can
you describe that flavor that shrimp taste
it's got a tanginess to it yeah i think it's
got a really strong flavor isn't it it's got
a really strong flavor and it goes so well
with that beef
so you said what
so pop said she hates most of the food here
but this tastes really good that doesn't make
any sense you mean you usually wouldn't eat
this sort of stuff what is it about this that
makes it different
okay so it's the flavours yeah the flavours
are amazing
everyone we're gonna try the lechon paksiw
now
that dish i can't explain the taste it's really
really strong really beautiful! Poppy what
is your favourite dish out of all of these
three the lechon paksiw
i think the flavour you know it's a difficult
one yeah i think the flavour of the lechon
Paksiw is definitely it without a doubt, meat
is really tender it's got a very very powerful
flavour which i can't tell you i can't really
describe it all i can say is it's really really
good
now my least favorite sorry guys it's the
squid
it's not, same as you yeah?
the squid is my least favorite it's poppy's
least favorite as well i think if you like
squid you'll love this i'm just not a big
fan of squid i've tried it what can i say
right guys and girls this is delicious so
we're gonna finish this and i'll see you in
a bit let's get stuck in shall we Pops!
edna hello here's edna from the first video
yes edna's teaching you filipino lessons right
here at the sunrise cafe you don't just get
food you get filipino lessons as well and
you were saying as well that even though you're
filipino both your parents are you don't speak
filipino yeah you didn't you didn't teach
me did you oh this is your son this is my
youngest oh man amazing this is is it a vlog
i know it's not really what are you teaching
filipino yeah what's up with that no it's
hard because when he was young every time
i'm here in the shop we speak tagalog yeah
the national language yeah but when we get
home we have a different language we have
different dialect oh i see so he gets confused
so that's the way it is i'm really sorry darling!
excuses excuses but you will catch up young
wolf that's his music album oh really yes
there you go mate what's it called oh yeah
so i i just go by young wolf young buu young
wolf young wolf it's our last name is it is
that on youtube young wolf yeah you just search
it off up young wolf and you will say and
what's your name? arun aaron nice to meet
you my friend lovely and these are my lovely
two ladies here hi girls hey thank you for
the amazing food today i will be back again
to try the extra food as well but it's been
fantastic thank you Adam all right you take
care guys see you later bye bye how was that
how did you find that i loved it you loved
it you were surprised actually weren't you
there you go would you eat filipino food again?
Definitely.. right everyone around this local
area come and get stuck into the sunrise cafe
try some of the dishes that i tried today
we enjoyed it didn't we let's get on to it
right okay until the next time everyone have
a good week have a good day and i'll see you
next video see you later cheers
