What’s up guys? Today, Rei and I are going
to show you how to make Tocino aka Filipino
Bacon! Tocino is a Filipino breakfast dish
that consists of thinly sliced pork
fried to
a caramelized perfection!
To make our version of tocino, you’re first
going to need 2 pounds of thinly sliced pork
butt or pork shoulder, about a quarter to
a half inch thick. Start off by taking your
pieces of sliced pork and tenderize each and
every one of them.
Afterwards, you’ll want to prepare your
curing mix. In a new mixing bowl throw in
1 cup of brown sugar. Followed by 1 ½ tablespoons
of salt. And 3 teaspoons of annatto powder.
Then mix everything thoroughly.
Before you start applying the rub, make
sure to strap on some gloves, otherwise the
annatto powder might stain your hands. When
you’re ready, just go ahead and take one
slice of pork and coat both sides, and gently
rub in the cure mix. Then just place your
meat into a storage container. Repeat this
process, until all of your pork is coated
with the tocino mix.
Now just attach the lid to your storage container.
And allow your tocino to cure in the refrigerator
for 1 week. Once its done curing, all you
have to do is cook it up on the stove! Just
place your tocino in a single layer on a pan.
If you have extra, you can easily just freeze
whatever you don’t end up cooking, and save
it for another day!
At this point, fill your pan with water until
pork your pork slices are submerged
Next, cover your pan, and bring it to
a boil. When it's at a boil, take it down
to a simmer, and slightly crack the lid open
if your lid doesn’t have a venting hole.
Continue simmering everything, there’s a just a little bit
of liquid left. Ours took about an hour or
so to simmer.
When there’s barely any liquid left, quickly
mix your tocino around so that it gets coated
with the caramelized sugar from the rub. And
then bada bing bada boom! You have yourself
a sweet, savory pan of homemade tocino! Now
all you gotta do is pair it with some garlic
fried rice and a crispy fried egg. It’s
talagang tasty!
