Hello guys, we are in the
where the hell are we?
Mall of Asia arena
hello guys. We are in the Mall of Asia arena and we are preparing for our rehearsal for something big today
So let's go ahead and go
I can see myself in mirror. You can get me in the mirror, but you can get yourself in the mirror
that's the cameraman guys, say hello
All right, let's put on this bow tie, are you ready
but the sad part is ... my balls cover it
We're gonna go on stage
It's gonna be great and every time I get a Baron or a dragon I donate to charity
We walk into the LED... Oh this is weird
this would make a great facebook photo
can i lie down on the floor ?
Hurry before it rotates all the way
Did you get it? Are we good?
Can't find my event guy, you know the guy that's helping me sing
Yeah, the guy that's preparing me. I can't find him, you know it's funny because on video right now
They don't technically know I'm singing yet but by the time they see this videos they will know
So this is what I look like before hand
Even this is something video worthy
This is yours this is mine
Wait, which one's yours?
This one looks all messed up
Are you sure ?
Great
Hey, okay now we meet
okay do you want a hight five or uh... im not sure, how you...
there's no right no wrong
Whatever you want to do he probably went to eat
he's dead
what's for lunch?
-KFC
So this is cowsep's first performance. We're so excited for him.
We were sitting we're in discord
He showed me the i was in Alpha video
and I was the you know, I watched it
I was like wouldn't it be great if you had an acoustic performance to that?
And he's I know I heard his reactions. Like you're freaking idiot. This guy's mental. It's like what's wrong with this guy?
I can't sing
and I we talked about it more and more and he's just like we can actually make this happen
Well, yeah, we are really proud of the song. We legit perform... We legit produced it, dude
Yeah
now we need to make sure that it actually works because I have not actually gotten to do anything other than
My stuff on the plane and at home cuz I start off with memorizing the line. We don't have to go up there
No, you should go up here. We should go up there. Yeah, so you get used to it. Whatever
Yeah, I mean if you get a few people what more if you're like, you know
You're gonna be in front of like yeah,
see I thought about that as well
like when I was practicing and like people are just kind of sitting there at me and it's like well
You know if you can't do it for a few people how are you going to do it infront of everybody
But then I tried to justify it
I'm like well, you know
It's because these people have no idea what's going on while these people will still won't know what's going on. Technically. Yeah
[reporting about the AC]
Bye
It's just me and the enemy
a 1 v 1 with Gnar for victory
1 teamfight to decide the winner
Annie's last, she's low on health
i pressed Q... oh i Alpha striked ... See you got me nervous man
Keep going on forever ... Burp
I'm excited for that celebrity showmatch though
ya please destroy them
Like don't show mercy just freakin destroy them because you have a teammate named named Christian  Bautista Yeah
Who's also very uhm... because the teammates you have if you win is just gonna be so funny as well
Like one destroying you can give your trash off but I talk to a Christian about it,...  he's a very popular singer here
I said wouldn't be great if like after you beat like your enemies you just sing to them just to rub it in
but just sing to sing them something just to like let it he's just like
[random girl moans]
That's actually I'll probably sing this then he sang it during crush and everyone just laughed even the teams
And I said you better do that if you guys win
don't worry. I'll camp top
Destroy them and empoy you got a guy named Empoy Marquez
Yeah, he went 0/9/0 in practice
and he kind of launched himself into the enemy with his bomb.
Okay?
Yeah, he's kind of new to the game.
Okay shit.
He's really funny though. So
Well, so what we're gonna do is we're gonna tell him like hey
Don't die just like sit at the tower and then after I get my jungle items something I'll just go take all this farm
And maybe camp because like their bot Lane is like
Their lanes are like nobody's hired in gold
like the president's son is also gold 5 and then everybody else
I think they're like silver or gold and it should be quite a stomp, hopefully
But they have a pretty good jungler
And if he takes advantage of mid lane, that could be a problem
Especially since he plays Khazix and you know how Khazix goes
I believe
I believe in you cowsep
why me?
This is a team effort
Yes, just remember the tank baron and make sure he doesn't feed
our theme is T I M
Because there's an I in TIM and that's you
yeah you're good
If it pushes like this
yeah that's unlucky we're gonna be on red team, huh?
He's gonna get flipped
Ya but the towers will still be red
Okay
Okay, if it pushes and you can't get your minions you can throw R
R is very far
honestly, dude, I think you'll be fine
thank you very much
i'm telling you, 100% winrate dude
This is your time to shine you're gonna become a LoL celebrity
What do you how do you uh
flash
do you remember flash? The bans?whatever?
how do you flash
What about keyboard keys
do you remember?
You know, right you run away help me help me ... D
Yeah, so you want to flash back your mouse has to be here
He's gonna forget but
I'm hoping that it'll click in your moment when you're in danger
you're like what do i do - what do i do - flash
ok flash - how about F?
Teleport ? F ...
When you're at home
Okay, now kill and run
otherway
i think he'll do it
if it's hard to kill , run
So in this game if you die a lot
the enemy becomes very strong
So what we're gonna do is
I kill enemies many times
I become strong
you don't die
they're weak
i win
i weak ?
Because your toilet might be stuck
It wasn't me though.
i left you guys a surprise
You're welcome team sapphires
You are warned okay - my job is done
I'm trying my heart.
I'm not good at this.
It's like when the dentist tells you to relax and you're like
im RELAXING
hey i heard they talked about master yi
i have no idea why they mentioned it but
yeah it's all over the place Master yi - master Yi - Master Yi
that's me , Master Yi
I like the outfit man - consistency
tomorrow im gonna wear a long one
This one is my casual
my pants are dirty
we dont notice
-it's alright
tomorrow we'll wear the clean ones
