And we are live in Cebu
Morning! This is Gee and JR. We are starting with a light
Meaning light breakfast meaning longganisa, egg and rice and that is light. We're swimming with the whale sharks today
I don't know if you guys can see but there's a lot of boats that are already up there
I'm kind of nervous to swim with the whale sharks to be honest. I'm not gonna lie
We booked a private tour for the convenience of it
however, if you're in a budget do it on your own
But make sure to arrive early as it gets very crowded and do not forget to follow the rules for yours and the whale sharks'
safety
How was your whale shark experience? It was really fun
I felt like I was gonna freaking die!
Yeah, if you're not a strong swimmer
Then you really need a life vest
definitely keep the life vest on because
even though I had the flippers on I was trying to like fight through the water the waves and I was just getting tired the
Waves were extra strong today apparently. It was high! Crazy waves
They had to cancel the whale watching because it was the current when was too strong
we were the last group that went.  There's like a lot of
Conflicting issues between it being bad or not. Comment below. Tell us what you think
Cher, what are you doing?
I'm having a foot spa! Aaaaah!
It tickles!!
They're eating my dead skin cells guys. OMG, it tickles so much! Trevor you should try it
I'm getting my first foot fish massage and yeah, it feels like little electric shock
Bloody fishy party? Wala sayo!
Check it out
We're actually lucky today
Apparently sometimes there's no water
or just like little drips of water
But today is actually quite a lot!
Wow look at that, it's beautiful!
Our Sumilon Island was canceled due to the high waves
So Island Trek Tours brought us to Tumalog falls on the same day,  and the sardine run on separate day
Which will be showing to you as well. So stay tuned
Well, thank you all for watching like comment and subscribe for more travel adventure content. See you again next time. Bye
