welcome back to our YouTube channel and
welcome in to the reaction room with
mommy drew tonight. Guys
I'm gonna be doing a special reaction
we'll talk a little bit more about that.
Before we get into that let me just say
thank you if you're a returning supporter
to our channel what we thank you so very
much we couldn't be here without you, and if
you are new to our channel come on in
have a seat give this video a big thumbs
up join the family if you would want to
by hitting that red subscription button
and turning that bell all the way gray.
Tonight guys
I'm gonna be doing a reaction to a
strong artist that I know absolutely
nothing about
I haven't yet looked up anything on this
person however many many of you have
mentioned that Jaya, is that they name? Jaya, Jaya is a song artist in the Philippines
that she's very talented and I just keep
seeing this name over and over and over
again first of all I love the name Jaya
and so my husband went searching for her
he found a song that she's signing and
said he liked it and so I'm gonna react
to it tonight guys. I'm gonna react to it
tonight. If you know anything more about
Jaya, let us know down below in the
comments but we're just gonna move right
on into this video the song that she is
performing it's called "Kasalanan Ko Ba?"
I think that's how to say it um let's
get right on into it one two three...Here we go.
She has a very deep rich voice.
I'm enjoying her voice so far. okay so
O.k., so it's"Kasalanan Ko Ba." I think that's
how she said it
I'm trying to repeat what I heard her
say in the song. I don't understand what
she's saying but the song sounds like
it's a sad song it's what it sounds like
to me
"Kasalanan Ko Ba," "Kasalanan Ko Ba,"  that's what she said, beautiful
I love that note she has a throaty voice
it's not raspy but it's throaty and I
like that and you could see that she's
holding back it looks like she could
pack a punch but she's holding back
whatever she's saying is it's a deep
sigh has a lot of deep feeling and I
could tell because she is putting so
much emotion into what she's singing and
I'm feeling whatever she's saying. Let me
know down below what the gist of this
song is about I would really like to
know but it sounds like I said like it's
a sad song like about hurt.
I love that note right there
whoo I like that real soulful she's like
like a, she has like a jazzy tone to her
voice I love that I love it love it love
it
look at her,
whooo...yeah I knew she was holding back I knew
she was falling back and the deeper
she get into it you saw it coming boy
look at her yes, yes, this is what I am talking about right here.
Yes
Whoo! I love how she does that, whoo-who-who-who-who. I don't know the song so I can't sing it but, that rift back and forth...whoo-who-who-who-who. I love it! I love it. Yeh, I am liking her. I want
to see her like do a stage performance
that's what I want to see of course I
know where she's singing at is live but I
want to see a stage performance because she
looks like she has a lot of soul and I
want to see that perform on stage
Wow yes she is feeling whatever she's
singing almost sounds like she's crying
that last like oh I can't say it now but
the Kasalanan Ko Ba,  that last note
right there you could tell she's feeling
that deep whatever she is singing
beautiful, Kasalanan Ko Ba.  I love it I
love it. That was real nice. Well I am so
happy that I finally found Jaya and was
able to listen to her sing
what a lovely jazzy tone to her voice. I
want to see more leave me more
suggestions down below for her because I
can't wait to react to more of her. Thank
you guys for suggesting her there's no
one person I could call several people
kept mentioning her name in the comments
and it just made us so curious that we
needed to go look and see how her talent
was and I am absolutely impressed with
her leave your comments down below hit
the thumbs up give us that big thumbs up
subscribe turn the bell gray. Come back
and see us again. This is mommy drew stay
D to the D to the D to the D-
nation...OUT...BYE!!
