Hey there this is a reaction if you want to see the music video link in the description down below just want to put it out there
link in the description down below for original music video
Alright, let's begin
Really you're gonna body roll on the frame. Why, you got a problem with it? is that only move you
Have?  you body roll too.True true but you started your JRE. Yeah, I know
You're the one that created me
Anyways, this video is sponsored by amino
And as you know amino is an app full of communities of k-pop artists that you even consider stanning
As you can tell about this video it's gonna be about ARMY Amino this boy
let me see this app ARMY Amino is
Comeback central where they're gonna be hosting a big BTS party online and to me it is the place where many and many BTS fans
Come together and share and experience our feels together
If you go to the feature feed like right here
you'll soon to see tips and tricks of streaming the new MV and
album also streaming parties are hosted in the chat rooms and
Screening rooms and definitely a lot of things and updates that have to do with this comeback. Yeah
I mean it is called ARMY Amino. Why are you wearing the same thing as me? I mean I found in the room
It's my room. I was here first, whatever it we both share it
Well, you need to have an epiphany and love yourself because that's the answer to your problems
ARMY Aminos also releasing new chat bubbles and stickers exclusively to this amino app
Oh, you know I love me some stickers too so go get your... yo by the way. Where's Jeremy? Oh, he's right here. Oh
oh continue continue eating your asparagus, huh?
How are you eating at a time like this? what happened? continue eat your asparagus
He a weirdo. what? now with the stickers coming out? There's gonna be a #mybiaschallenge
basically you just use the stickers your biases sticker. It's like my bias is V
so imma use V stickers a day long were late because of you. now for the biggest news
I will be having a live event on ARMY Amino. Yes. That's right
Yo boy is gonna be there so you can ask a question. We can talk about the combat we get into detail theories and everything
There's gonna be a live event on ARMY Amino, and it's gonna be on Saturday at 3:00 p.m
Eastern Standard Time, but different life events will be happening on Friday. They have to come back. So be there. Let's talk about it
I'll be there Saturday at 3:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. See you guys there cool check the links in description down below
And yeah, let's do this. Let's go. You already know it is let's begin
Florence from Africa. I'm a big fan of BTS, BLACKPINK, and NCT now play my intro.
BTS Idol I feel like the three people in my head already did enough talking. Let's go. Let's get it. Let's begin captions are on
let get it big hit big HIT Entertainment tainment tainment
Whoa
Dang definitely not like the teaser what
Okay, come through come through kookie come through wait hold up
The outfits aren't popping
Okay, you like how they said I don't care yo, they outfits the suits are popping fam
All these raps what's happening
Okay. pop off hard pop off Namjoon
Fam with the edits. I don't even know how to act right now
Okay, Jimin don't go stop you from loving yourself
cuz damn look how he break it down
Hold up this is definitely not just one watch you got watch this multiple times
Aye
awwww V
What the hell is happening yo
Okay, this is the like the outfits that they were wearing in a teaser, yeah
He popped up with the
The inflatable man when he caught rocky waving inflatable arm-flailing tube-man go Jhope. I'm Anpanman For real
Get your ish Yoongi!
'aight kookie what you popping off though?
Whoa you brought your gang with you
Yo V... with the glasses. I'm.. oh he just took it off. My bad. He went from cute to like sexy out of No....
Get yours Jin
Oh damn they were like driving and everything. All right. This is when it breaks down though. I think...
oouu!! and I want that shirt
What is happening this whole music video so many edits so many crazy though.
You can't stop me loving myself!
Aye
Aye
I was about to say are are those Titans like Attack on Titans. They are BTS Attack on Titans!
*Attack on Titans theme song plays*
Oh this is from the teaser like the the i'm talking about the audio.... and the outfits too.
Dang, they got the whole crew??!!
They like we bring the ARMY literally okay Yoongi
Yoo that tongue though that Jimin Okay get that ish
Yo it literally like a party
This a party song this a party song
Damn...…  look I... wait, hold on hold on I know it's about to end
But I feel I feel like that's a clue already
Look at that look. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, they sittin. They lookin like kings, you know I'm saying
Look at them the outfits and everything. They got the sun setting, but you see that boat in the back???
Do y'all see that boat at the back???
Now see the li-listen listen
This music video is not made for just one reaction or for one look you have to watch this multiple times
There is so much happening. We need to go through this. First of all, I didn't know what to do
What listening to this. There is so much happening in the music video so much happening in the music
Usually I just do one look and maybe just breeze through it nahh
We gotta watch this again fam link to the music video link in description 'aight??
I mean the message is that you can't stop me loving myself, which is a nice message to have first of all
Okay, you got giraffes in the back. You got the world the way they're just coming in
You could call me artist you can call me Idol
RM literally said you can say whatever you want fam.
Don't care it release Jhope
Get that Jhope
I'm free no more irony. Yoongi coming out an attack
Point your fingers I couldn't care less fam. what is... Look at this. Look. He got a snapchat filter on right now
what new what new Snapchat or Instagram filter is this?? is that Jungkook's drawing?
It says JK on the on the......
The thigh. That's Jimin's drawing are they showing this off to us like like Suga okay
happy face
So mind your own business
Lovin myself
me lovin.... This
whoa, this edit right here
IS CRAZY!
Fam 3D animated of all the BTS members but it obviously Jimin is in the middle of it
I don't know what to think about that. Like it's a bunch of their heads
Circling..... you can't stop me loving myself.
I like that
whoa
Again, this is the type of video where you a first look react
You can't just watch this just once yo. Would y'all like to stay in a room like this?
Is this an interesting room for y'all
Aye
Look at this boy
How you gonna lip bite in the middle of two unicorns
Actually has a magical place right there. I don't know you talked about he literally popped up
The wacky....
Isn't a wackly a wacky wacky waving inflatable arm-flailing tube-man wacky waving inflatable arm-flailing tube-man. What's poppin Jhope.
Aye
wass good
Ehhh boi??
Ehhn Yoongi with that Yoongi with that snow white
Get it Kookie
He brought all his gang, his homies
Wait you about to flick your head son
And then cuz it's just a beautiful Jin
Low-key kind of weird I mean like this
Low-key JRE???? really like this whole music could have been kind of weird. Yeah. I know my bad
I'm talking to myself
But the Attack on Titans the BTS Attack on Titans their Titan form just a rased out of nowhere now
This part is part of the teaser
Jin tho
When Jin just looks at you  actually when all of them look at you, kinda you feel a type of way, you know I'm saying???
Yo, you that kick that Jimin did?? what wait hold up.... and kick. What..... boi?
better stop
you better sToP
Okay, let's examine looks examine RM sayin shhhh
There's more to come JIn already saying look at me I'm worldwide  handsome. What'd you expect?
J-hope, he already know he's suave. He already know he is he he the one he the one. Kookie
You know, he in the middle. He knows he's in the middle
He's like yo look at me hair did my nails did everything did kind of ish. Yoongi's like
Yeah, I'm here. So... can you handle this? I feel like yo fam
I don't think so. Jimin
We're not gonna talk about Jimin because Jimin's already a bias wrecker. He already know. We already know. He look good. You look good
I'm just gonna say you look good with that hair to that side. Just look ni-
It's like a messy, but perfect at the same time. V you always look good you my bias
Damn, look at his. Look at his jacket too this Jacket, shoes everything from the MV itself they got that colorful crazy vibe
It felt like a party to be honest too. Definitely not what I expected. I mean from the teaser itself
I mean, I feel like I had that message like, you know, call me an artist. Call me an idol. I don't care
Imma, do me I love myself kind of ish
But this just makes me more even more curious about the other songs that are coming out with this repackage
Album the music video itself. Geez
so much to take in
like from the colors to the vibe that MV with that song itself is literally a slap to yo face saying that
Wake up and it's a type of MV You have to watch at least multiple times because there's so much happening too. The boys
Look good. The outfits were on point. The music video was lit
There's one thing I just hope that BTS are not like rushing themselves. Like they're pushing themselves too too hard
I mean, yes, you know there is a demand but you know
Hope they get rest. I hope they are resting too. Yo put in the comments down below what you guys think
Yes, I will be live on army Amino on Saturday at 3 p.m
Eastern Standard Time U.S
if you want to come through we're gonna talk about the album the MV what you guys think we're just gonna you know,
Like interact and stuff like that. I'ma edit this video
I'm gonna check out the album as well music video, music, production everything what you think, you know
It's it's conversation in the comments down below not gonna choose my favorite song
Just yet the ones that they released that are new not just yet
I want to hear the other songs first then you know make my decision through that
I mean that's normal keep on dreaming dreamer dream believe do repeat
If you have dream out there put some hard work into it might just come true
You have a blessed day and I'll see you to the next one. Alright?
peace
Hey, you better subscribe
