Welcome to my new video
I'm Harees Ameerali, on my way to Philippines
As people have been asking me why I'm not doing anything other than Thailand and Cambodia
And due to that I'm going to Philippines, as we have made around 130 episodes
As now we are going to Philippines from Kochi to Singapore and from Singapore to Philippines
I'm heading to Manila, Philippines. As I'm currently on Air Indian Express to Singapore.
So lets see!
After a long journey of flight we finally arrived on Singapore.
Started from 10:55 PM, Kochi to Banglore Air India Express
As we spend time for 1-1.5 hours on Bangalore and we reached here at 7:50  Singapore time
As there is a 2 hr different with our time zone
As it's now 8:00, just as I got out of the flight
So I'm currently at Changi Airport Singapore
And the time is 8:00 which is 5:30 back home.
My ear seems to be blocked, due to the long flight journey
As I boarded the flight 10:00 AM in the morning.
So lets talk about what's outside
So we are currently seeing Changi Airport Singapore.
As this is one of the beautiful airport.
As it's one of the famous and fancy airport here in Singapore.
As lets move onto emigration.
My visa and emigration procedures ended within 5 minutes.
As they were so fast, as they may ask something but won't be commonly asked to everyone.
On my two trips they did asked me why and what's my purpose here.
As they may have seen me as someone scary (heh)
However they are friendly as they may ask 2-3 questions as we spend around 3 mins
Now I need to grab my luggage as specially at the larger airport.
As the airports back home, we only have around 6-8 conveyor belt but here there will be 50-100 belts
So you need to figure out where your luggage will be as mine is going to be at the 37th conveyor belt.
As one a single belt they may send luggage's from 3-4 flights.
So our luggage's are being delivered here
You'll be able to find on which belt your luggage will be delivered
Make sure to keep track of such information boards
Or contact the information counter to find the conveyor belt to avoid struggles.
Where ever you go, make sure to declare anything that needs to be paid a duty
If you don't have anything to declare feel free to make use of the red channel
We have shown all these before on our Singapore series.
As you walk out you'l get tons of rent-a-car/taxi services from different companies.
Singapore airport provides you a facility to store you luggage.
Make sure to utilize it while you travel through SIngapore
As you can see the storage unit behind me as they provide 24/7 service
To keep your baggage safe, based on specific price for each
All in Singapore dollars, 5$ for shoes etc, 10$ for small bag etc
As they will pack it everything for you and will keep it safe
If you ever need to keep it safe you can make use of this service here.
Specially when you are travelling from one destination to another via Singapore. you can
Keep your luggage here and then re=-claim it on your way back
I'm trying to present you the useful tips in my native language.
Lets move on
So I took a taxi and heading to my Hotel
As I am not exploring Singapore on this trip so I'm not reaching out
To any companies or friends here
As I will be heading to Manila tomorrow.
So I'm in a Singapore Taxi, so I'm on my way to the hotel and then I'll take rest
Before returning to the same airport on my way to Manila
I'll make a detailed explanation of why I made a stop here at Singapore. Stay tuned for more.
Until next time, Bye
