Brian: You’re back from Manila.
You had lumpia for dinner, then you made love
to two Filipina women, and a man.
Quagmire: You mean three Filipina women.
(silence)
Quagmire: NOOOOO!
(cheering)
Hey guys, Frank here again – back at it
with another video!
Due to popular demand, I decided to keep the
momentum going with a part 2 continuation
of more Filipino characters featured in anime
and cartoons!
And if you haven’t seen part 1, I will link
it down below in the description box!
Many of you have suggested some potentially
Filipino characters in the first video that
I may have missed originally.
I decided to do a bit of research and narrowed
it down to these 6 cartoon and anime characters
who exhibit Filipino characteristics and traits.
(clip)
The same rules as the first video apply to
all the characters featured:
They have to be fictional, so no cartoon characters
based on real Filipino people living or dead…
Have an actual name in their respective show
- this means no background characters….
The cartoon must have originated from outside
of the Philippines…
And of course, there must be strong evidence
of the character being of Filipino descent
if not specified already on the show.
This means I cannot include any characters
from “The Nutshack” despite popular demand.
This cartoon was created by ABS-CBN International,
a Filipino studio company, and was broadcasted
primarily in the Philippines and not internationally.
Another cartoon that unfortunately missed
the cut is “Urduja,” a Disney-inspired
animated movie about a Filipina warrior princess.
She is based off of the real-life Philippine
folklore legend of the 13th century and was
created by APT Entertainment, an animation
studio in the Philippines.
Because of these factors, she is also not
included but still deserving of an honorable
mention.
Pretty much the closest we’d get to having
a Filipina Disney princess!
Number 1 – Sucy Manbavaran
“Little Witch Academia” takes place at
Luna Nova Magical Academy, a prestigious school
for young girls training to become witches
and follows their many adventures.
Think Harry Potter but more kawaii and with
lolis.
Sucy Manbavaran is one of the main characters
in this fun and entertaining anime.
Now as far as Sucy goes, her country of origin
is only known as hailing from “Southeast
Asia” which is pretty consistent and annoying
with many suspected Filipino cartoon characters.
Seriously, why not just say she’s from Philippines
rather than being so vague?
Anyway!
Her name is more than enough evidence to indicate
that she is a Filipina.
Her first name Sucy can easily be translated
in Filipino as “key” while her last name,
“Manbavaran” is a variation of the Cebuano
word “Mambabarang” which means sorcerer.
And that’s not all!
The broom she uses on the show is reminiscent
of a “walis tambo,” a broom made out of
reeds very popularly used in the Philippines.
Number 2 - Raymond
The plot of “Young Black Jack” tells the
story of med-student Kuro Hazama and his journey
before becoming the infamous back-alley surgeon
Black Jack.
In episode 2 “Abduction”, Kuro Hazama
is kidnapped and brought to a room with other
random men who are very deep in debt.
In order to pay off their debts, they must
donate their heart to a rich, old man who
is dying.
However, the only compatible matches are the
protagonist, Kuro Hazama, and the next Filipino
on our list, Raymond.
Now Raymond is not mentioned directly as originating
from the Philippines.
What’s known about Raymond is that he entered
Japan illegally to help earn money for his
daughter with leukemia.
He also mentions that back in “his home
country, people have lost their jobs because
of rapid industrialization.”
Additionally, he is assumed to be Asian due
to entering Japan so easily from a neighboring
country.
Another point to add is that his name is “Raymond”
and out of all the countries in Asia, American
names are more prevalent in the Philippines
than anywhere else.
And not to sound too stereotypical, but the
fact that he is sending money home to support
his family is very reminiscent to many overseas
Filipino workers in real life.
Number 3 - Bishop
Bishop, also known as Lucas Bishop, first
appears as a member of Xavier's Security Enforcers,
a mutant police force from a dystopian future
of the Marvel Universe.
He travels to the 20th century and joins the
X-Men, a team he knew only as legends.
Some of his super abilities include energy
absorption and redirection, superhuman physical
attributes, and the ability to instinctively
know present location.
One of Bishop’s co-creators is Whilce Portacio,
a Filipino-American comic book writer and
creator.
In an interview with Portacio, he states that
he and Karl Altstaetter, a Marvel illustrator,
helped design Bishop as a Filipino and they
wanted him to originate from the Philippines.
When they pitched the character to Bob Harras,
the editor-in-chief of Marvel Comics, he loved
it and assumed that the character was black
even before Portacio mentioned that Bishop
was supposed to be Filipino.
At the time, marketing wanted to create a
black male X-men character to appeal to the
growing African-American audience and thus,
the rest was history.
Now although Bishop’s ethnicity was never
stated in the comics or the cartoon, it’s
pretty much up to the viewer to assume where
Bishop is from.
His design was modeled after a Filipino originally
so in my opinion, I would assume Bishop to
be X-Men’s first Filipino and the first
dark-skinned male of the team.
Number 4 - Angelo
The anime “Charlotte” takes place in an
alternate reality where a short-period comet
called Charlotte passes near Earth every 75
years.
When this happens, it spreads dust onto the
Earth, which causes a small percentage of
preadolescent children who inhale the dust
to manifest superhuman abilities upon reaching
puberty.
The story follows the protagonist Yuu Otosaka,
a boy who awakens the ability to temporarily
possess others.
In episode 13, Yuu begins his journey to take
everyone's abilities by starting off in a
city in Philippines.
After finding a guy named Angelo and taking
away his ability to find other ability wielders,
he continues searching and travels to other
parts of the world.
Okay, so Angelo only has a very brief appearance
in this anime as an orange haired, tanned
skin young teenager and not much is known
about him other than that his powers were
taken by the main character, but can we appreciate
the depiction of a Philippine city in this
anime?
Seems legit to me!
Number 5 – Janna Ordonia
“Star vs. the Forces of Evil” is an American
animated television series produced by Disney
Television Animation.
The story revolves around Star Butterfly,
a magical princess from the dimension of Mewni
who is sent to Earth as a foreign exchange
student by her parents on her 14th birthday.
Janna is one of the supporting characters
on the show who is laid-back, tomboyish and
depicted as somewhat of a trouble maker on
the show.
Some of her favorite things include Macabre
things, wrestling, the color pink, teasing
Marco, 18th-century poet John Keats, and jokes.
Now although her Philippine heritage is never
expressed on the show, her name and appearance
make it obvious that she is a Filipina.
The tanned skin and dark hair and dark eyes
is one clue.
Her surname "Ordonia" originates mainly from
the Philippines, suggesting that Janna is
Filipino or has at least some Filipino heritage.
Random fact, but I actually know someone in
real life with the last name “Ordonia”
who is also Filipino, so that’s more than
enough evidence for me.
Number 6 - Texas
Another Disney cartoon featured in this video
is “Motorcity.”
The show occurs in a fictitious futuristic
Detroit, owned by evil billionaire, Abraham
Kane.
Ruling the citizens under strict laws, and
banning personal freedoms including automobile
transportation, Kane now faces one last obstacle:
a group of hot-rod wielding rebels who call
themselves the Burners.
One member of the Burners is Texas, our “possible”
Filipino.
He is depicted as loveable yet somewhat stupid.
Texas is a violent, gung-ho powder keg who
is dedicated to the Burners and his fierce
determination usually makes him the first
one on the battlefield when a fight breaks
out.
Like most of the characters on this list,
his Filipino heritage is never portrayed on
the show.
In fact, there’s hardly any mention or clues
to Texas being a Filipino.
The only mention of this is on the Disney
wikia page for “Motorcity” which mentions
that he is Filipino, based on a Tumblr post
by the show’s supposed producer.
I went back and forth on whether or not to
include Texas, to be honest, and purposely
left him last for that very reason.
Let me know in the comments what you guys
think.
As a Filipino-American myself, I think it’s
really cool to see more Filipino portrayal
in cartoons.
Growing up, you would hardly see any Asian
characters in popular cartoons and now, they
are becoming more prominent.
I also want to give a big thank you to each
and everyone who introduced me to these characters
featured in the video.
I have you all to thank for the creation of
this video and I appreciate the support, as
well as all of your comments and suggestions!
Please let me know if there are still more
Filipino characters in anime and cartoons
that I may have missed in my part 1 and part
2 videos.
I’ll be more than happy to create a part
3 if there are!
Also, leave a comment below and let me know
which of these 6 characters seem the most
Filipino to you and which ones you are still
having doubts about.
I have some in mind so I’m curious to see
what you all think.
If you enjoyed this video, please make sure
to give it a “like,” share it and tell
your friends!
Also please make sure to hit “SUBSCRIBE”
and visit YouTube.com/FrankBernard for more
videos and press that little bell symbol to
stay notified of more great content.
Salamat muli at ako ay nakikita mo sa ibang
pagkakataon!
(~CRINGE~)
Sorry, but I gotta thrown in some Tagalog
in this video since it’s all about Filipinos.
If you cringed, press subscribe!
(endscreen)
