This might be the most beautiful place I've been on earth, known for its culture and its islands
And today with justin we propose to go back to this beautiful destination. Are you ready comrades ?
So let's go to the Philippines
In the Philippines it can be difficult to organize a trip
because of the geography of the country
this one is made up of 7641 islands and so it is difficult to evaluate distances
as well as which means of transport is best suited to get to a place
we can divide the country this way: the north Luzon, the center visayas, the south mindanao
and palawan
 
well yes. today we're going back on a three-week trips in the Philippines
which was organized around Cebu in Visayas and Palawan on the island of Coron. so if you are coming from europe
the plane will land at Manila the capital
I do not advise you to stay in Manila. There is not much to do here
I recomend to take another flight and head directly to Cebu. Once arrived in Cebu you have several opportunities:
head south for Malboa. This part of the island is my favorite. once all set, here is what you should not miss
Diving with the sardines and then see the turtles if you're lucky
one of my most captivating experiences in the Philippines. You can also dive in the blue waters of Kawasan Falls, it's certainly touristic but
those are the most beautiful falls on the island. Drive to the highest point of Osmena Peak
and enjoy the distant islands of Bohol and Negros and then finally you can also take another bus to Oslob
mainly known for whale sharks
there is surely another way to see them. but here the whales are always easy to find. From oslob
you can go to another island: Bohol. Bohol is surely one of the most beautiful islands of Visayas.
Establishing a base camp at Alona Beach is a good solution
From here, you can easily rent a scooter and go to chocolates hills.
three hours are necessary to get there but you will be largely rewarded by the beauty of the landscapes
after that you must not miss a meeting with the tarsiers
these little primates are the most fragile mammals on the planet
some are also suicidal at the slightest touch or aggression. Bohol is a must on your roadmap
so from Bohol you can take a ferry that will take you to it's Cebu
there I found a friend: Richmond, and I mention him because the Filipinos are
actually the kindest people I have had the chance to meet in Asia. Their generosity is
amazing and help from the locals has always been beneficial during my trip
Are the Philippines safe? Well yes very safe. and the Philippines are not at all
a reflection of what can be seen on television in the West
if you are looking for adventure I suggest you go to another island: Camotes
I spent three days there disconnected from everything without internet or any contact. I made the acquaintance of adorable Filipinos.
always ready to have a good time with you. I am now going to speak to all diving lovers because the philippines
offer great spots
Going north to Malapasqua
this 2 km long and 1 km wide island is well known for the beauty of its seabed
on this island you will meet globe trotter sharing common passions with you like diving or scuba diving
Together, I invite you to discover this original island that really deserve to make the trip. there is a fascinating species here
long-tailed sharks or fox sharks
their caudal fin is as big as their body which is impressive. that's crazy
and what did you finally prefer to Cebu?
Well justin, there is another key attraction here. I wil talk to you about the most
beautiful place I've been on this planet: Kalanggaman island. This tiny island
lost between Camotes and Malapascua, this is fabulous. To get there you will have to take the boat from Malapascua
the boat leaves you here with other travelers for three to four hours. but I really invite you to spend the night here
The island is amazingly photogenic at sunset
Time to leave Cebu to visit another island of exception: Palawan
Together with richmond, we went to get lost on the exceptional hills and beaches of Coron and in the east
we discovered waterfalls where we took a a swim with the locals. and then there is the key point that explains the popularity of the island of Coron: the
island hooping, on the real island of Coron, at the opposite
completly wild. Coron is the essence of Palawan. I had absolutely no plans to go there but I was convinced by other travelers. I did not regret this choice at all.
Wow, a great trip and tell me, how could you convince the most skeptical?
in the meantime I'm going to the hairdresser because I have long hair
Well, I would say it's a very complete country with many touristic resources
the interest of these islands is that they are ultimately not polluted by the mass tourism industry
Do not hesitate to ask questions. We will share your experience with those who know the Philippines
And Filipino friends, I know that many of you watch my channel:
Filipino salamat! and then as they say over there: it's more fun in the philippines. ciao
 
