well here we are guys Osmina Peak apparently 
the highest point in all of Cebu, and what an  
amazing view. I think but anyway just doing my 
job. How many kids can you fit on a one motorbike?
when your'e complaining about carrying a 
load guys check this out, this is incredible  
good morning guys it's 7 30 a.m here in Cebu City 
in the Philippines I'm just about to head off for  
day two of my Philippines road trip this time 
I'm doing about 100 kilometers to Osmena Peak  
I think it's called, and it's supposed to be the 
highest peak in the Philippines as well it's  
actually supposed to be the highest peak in Cebu 
but the one I went to yesterday also claimed to be  
the highest peak in Cebu too, so maybe there's 
quite a few claiming that honour. anyway should be  
a great day the weather's looking fantastic at the 
moment another day where it's a little bit cloudy  
and just got a little bit of rain hanging around 
so yeah that should be fine, if it's like yesterday  
it'll be wonderful I'm sure, so jump on board 
guys, I hope you enjoy the day you're good to  
see a lot more of Cebu City and see Cebu Island 
itself today as well so it should be great.   
you out there. going to take three and a half hours 
to do 100 kilometers... if this is anything to go by
I've just taken a wrong turn again Google 
Maps just doesn't really seem to be very  
clear on its turns because there's just 
so many choices in such a short area  
really in the back blocks of Cebu 
City now gosh there's some markets here
big undercover one there they'll 
probably be a that'll be the wet market
well that was sort of an unexpected 
tour of the local market, making a  
wrong turn. I'm literally the only 
foreigner in this area. 
okay it appears I'm back 
on the road I need to be on
big bridge up there to mactan Island where the
airport is
so far. well so far unlike yesterday, 
it's been anything but a pleasant ride
benn stuck in heavy traffic pretty much since 
I left the central part of Cebu City  
and it looks like it's just uh it's just 
a sprawling Metropolis that hugs the coast  
it looks like a lot more of it to come yet  
and that's exactly how it was guys for about 
next 70kms, so I won't make you guys suffer through  
it like I did, so I'm pretty much fast forward 
to delagetti turn off into the mountains where  
the good roads begin. look at this guys I'm stuck behind 
four of these little motorcycle tuk tuk things,
five actually
ah nothing like a pleasant 
ride out with the locals  
wouldn't an occupational health and safety have 
a field day with this, back in the west hey?
wouldn't want to hit a big bump would 
you. I hope he's got a good handhold
welcome to delagetti
okay turn right here it says, the motorbike tuk tuk's gonna do the same thing  
that would be fun to have a ride on one of those
I don't know if I'd fit though 
they don't look very big inside
it's hot here
be glad to get up in the mountains
anyway we've just turned off the coast road 
coastal highway and we've we're heading Inland now
which I would assume is uh... West I 
believe, don't quote me on that one  
so immediately less traffic, less dust, and 
slightly better road too but looks of it  
and bends at last bends... yes oh missed them. it's a 
really nice road this one, not much traffic on it
not compared to yesterday. it's a bit 
rougher than the road yesterday  
in places. it's really nice, a lot of 
curves, plenty of easy views off the side  
of the road that aren't obscured by shops 
and restaurants and stuff like yesterday
oooh looking pretty black over there 
in the middle of that mountain range
but yeah, it's just a pity you've got to travel 80 
kilometers down a really congested highway  
to get to this beautiful road
it's been a, it's been a pretty tiring 
ride too because it's been hot and humid  
but oh geez have a look at this 
will you, and that is spectacular
did I just say was it worth 
the highway ride to get here?
starting to think quite rapidly.. yes! oh wow look at 
the clouds just hanging off those hills over there
so steep the sides of those 
hills, just straight down
oh man
just so beautiful
absolutely lovely
temperatures just dropped probably about 
five to six degrees easily maybe even more
but it's not cold. oh it's just got really dark 
and gloomy all of a sudden. look at this will you
all right just had to pull over 
on the side of the road here  
it's a little hamlet off the highway here. for 
the road, so yeah just waiting for that rain to  
sort of stop a bit I've just put my raincoat on 
because I think it's going to hang around a bit  
it's looking pretty dark up there. local dog 
gave me a bit of a welcome. it's yeah pretty  
little spot [Music] peaceful and quiet compared to 
the highway, it's pretty nice, been a welcome change  
all right, only about, it's only about another 15 
kilometers to go or so I think uh according to  
the map to get to the peak, so hopefully 
won't be too much more rain. Google Maps  
says I've got 3.7 K's to go. that'll be to the 
start of the trailhead though because I think  
there's a bit of a hiking portion of the the 
track to get up there, to the top of the peak
just put raincoat on as you can see.
Isn't this pretty, the local market up there I'm assuming
that'll be this one here I suppose
Badian and Cebu Hills
wow.. this is really... different
what are they harvesting here?
cauliflower I think.
oh wow...have a look at this
it just...all of a sudden you come over 
the hill, and you're confronted with these
unbelievable
a little bit cloudy today over here but
it should be okay I think
I think that was supposed to be it
you speak English, fantastic, that's good. uh any 
chance I could get a cup of coffee? 
oh you've got food too, oh great that's excellent. 
so how's that for a view from a coffee shop!
not bad is it
got some construction going on there 
but the trailhead starts down behind  
that house behind those flowers there on 
the left of the house and goes up the hill  
it looks like I can walk down that way so. 
 dog not impressed with the view
 
I like their inspiriational quotes around the wall, it's just as cute as
well i was just about to head off to the trailhead which is over 
that way, and... as you can see the weather has rolled  
in. big big cloud... literally cannot see 20 meters 
past the railing over there. so we've got it all  
but uh usually I found here in the Philippines 
and the same as in Thailand too that the rain  
doesn't stick around for very long and it moves 
through pretty quickly and hopefully this will  
be the same here today, because the scenery is 
absolutely spectacular and I'm really looking  
forward to getting up to the top of Osmina Peak 
which is really only a short 10 minute walk 15  
minute walk from where I'm sitting right now so. 
I'm gonna sit here and wait it out and see what  
happens.
 I was just about to take off for the hike up to Osmina Peak and.. yeah the weather's 
rolled in. it's starting to rain as well, funsies!  
oh well, as I like to say, 
it's been an adventure that's for sure
[Music]
yes
how does that go again
all right the rain has finally stopped, so 
I'm gonna continue my trekk and try and  
make it up to Osmina Peak which I think 
might be that one there not too sure
I'll ask these people down here 
if they speak a bit of English
which is highly unlikely up 
here.  say hello viewers
isn't that a pretty little scene, 
it's like something off a postcard  
all right with that lovely scene in the background 
there. anyway I've been told that this track is  
only about 15 minute walk 20 minute walk but 
it's pretty steep and it's been torrential  
rain for the last two hours so now we'll see how 
we go. hopefully that's the last of the rain for  
a while, anyway I've got to stop talking and get 
moving otherwise I'll get caught up there in it
very gloomy little walk in the mist this one. 
I'm not even sure I'm going the right way here  
looks like it's just heading towards a 
farmhouse. I might have missed the the turn I reckon  
I don't know. keep going anyway
foreign
alright guys, that is Osmena Peak
but, I have taken the wrong track somewhere. 
and not too sure how to get to it from here  
it's a person walking down in the valley there 
so I assume that some sort of track around it  
but yeah I haven't found a way up to it yet. so so 
I just have to keep looking, and it's starting to  
rain. not very heavy, but raining again 
[Applause] hopefully not as bad as it was before
because I'm gonna get seriously wet if it is  
with the help of google maps, and
yes it is still raining. I'm soaked  
that is Osmena Peak behind me. and I found 
the track, pretty steep, but and slippery of course  
because it's been raining heavily, but I found 
it yes, so now I'm going to conquer that mountain  
see you up there. just about stepped 
on this thing guys have a look at this
that thing is about 15 centimeters long
[Applause]  
all right, talk about falling down a mountain
just put my foot somewhere where there 
wasn't, any anything to put a foot on.   
and down I went. oh my gosh, what a day, awesome 
 
nearly there. at least it is pretty well marked I can see the track quite clearly from 
here now. very loose though, lot a loose rock
[Applause]  
well here we are guys.. Osmena Peak. apparently the 
highest point in all of Cebu, Cebu Island that is,  
and what an amazing view [Laughter] boy did I 
pick a bad time to come up here, hey but it's  
a challenge and I conquered it, yes I can now 
say I've conquered the highest mountain in Cebu
pity the view is no good, but on the way in was great 
so you'll see a bit of that on the GoPro anyway  
so it's not completely wasted. I'll stick 
around for a while and just see if I can if  
it clears up. the rain's still quite steady, only 
light but steady and it doesn't seem to be any  
break in the clouds, so not looking promising 
but who knows, we'll see what happens hey
I had a quick look back at this 
Osmena Peak, that's it right there guys  
thats where we were up there before. cleared 
up just a little bit, not a lot
but wow, I'd love to come back here 
again one day. when it's clear. it's  
the scenery is just like nothing I've ever 
seen before in my life, it's incredible
the track I'm on now guys is the back way into 
Qsmena. osmena Peak that is. and it's from  
the coffee shop up there. there's some road 
construction going on there as you can see  
and they told me it'd be an easy 15-20 minute walk 
in this way. trust me it's not an easy 15-20 minute  
walk. it's very treacherous. the fact is that 
it's wet and slippery only adds to it. but even  
if it was dry, it wouldn't be good. it's pretty 
easy to put your foot in the wrong place and,  
fall over, which I've done a couple of times 
I've actually got skin off my leg, I was  
probably lucky not to to have fractured 
it. because I hit a rock pretty hard.  
if you want to come up here look at google maps 
it shows you where the start of the trailhead is,  
the proper one, and I walked on part of that 
track and it's it's pretty good it's still  
loose stone and stuff, but the stone's been 
broken up by hand, and it's nowhere near as  
treacherous. still a tough little climb don't 
get me wrong, but nothing like this, much easier
whenever you're complaining about carrying a load 
guys, check this out, this is incredible thank you  
very much for stopping. what's your name? give 
your name?  lovely to meet you. thank you for stopping
all right, you probably realize this 
already, but anyway I'll tell you  
I'm taking a different route back to Cebu 
I'm going up the other side of the island
because, no matter what this is like 
when I get down on the coast road, I'm  
prepared to take the risk, hoping it'll be 
better than the road on the way down here
because I really did not want to do another 
two to three hour ride back up that road  
and no matter what it's getting pretty late 
here I think it's about heading on towards  
four o'clock I've probably only got an hour and 
a half maybe two hours at most of daylight left  
so that is not a road I want to be on 
at night at all. don't like riding at  
night full stop. but that one no way. I'm 
going to take this road down to the coast  
down to alola ball or however you pronounce it 
and uh from there gonna make me way North and  
try and find some sort of quieter road and come 
back into Cebu City from a different direction. so
at least I'll have seen more 
of the island too because
it's a good opportunity to do it while 
I'm down this way, and sometimes you say  
you're going to do things again but you 
never get around to it so we'll do it now
all right here we go
geez this looks spectacular
harvest time for the...
must be cauliflowers I think
I'm no vegetable expert, I like eating 
them, as most of us do. the clouds rolled in
had to get out of there fast those three 
guys that were helping the bloke get the  
motorbike over the hill, yeah they started. I 
don't know one guy I've started carrying on  
a bit, and he was smoking something that uh I did 
not recognize, and they both had really long knives
I'm sure they're using them for harvesting 
cauliflowers or whatever they are but yeah  
I thought yeah just smile, get on the 
bike, and just get out of there.. real fast  
gee is nice, and have a look at this. 
wow how much excavation would this have  
taken to have done this? looks 
like it's all fairly new road too
yeah it all looks like it's brand new. did 
I speak too soon? end of that beautiful road  
man this is going to be absolutely 
awesome when it's finished
this is one that uh... if you're a motorbike tourer 
you're not going to want to miss out, on that's  
for sure. it's just incredible, look, look 
up here, it just cut through the rainforest
anyway, it's all part of the adventure. 
hope I can get through here,
it's pretty rough
goodness me. I will just take it pretty careful. oh [ __ ] 
nearly lost it. that was a slippery bit. I had to  
put the foot out!  yeah ABS brakes are starting 
to cut in now, so it's getting pretty slippery  
yeah I can feel them pulsating through my levers
she's no trail bike this thing, but anyway... doing 
the job.  there's a person behind me on a bike.
that's the same guy I saw coming over 
the hill on that nice new CRF. think it's a 150.
looks big. I don't know what it is. 
but the Filipino guys are fairly  
small generally anyway, so anything 
would look big on them I suppose
but uh looks like a brand new 
bike. it's really nice looking bike 
 that's probably why he caught up 
to me so quick coming down that hill
because he's on a bike that would 
be perfect for it, but I'm not
all right I think we've got a 
viewpoint here. and we have indeed
wow... awesome... check this out
all right oh that is the other side of Cebu Island. 
so we've crossed on one side of Cebu island to the other  
well...haven't yet.. but we're close
just look at that will you
isn't that incredible
wow, since I turned off that 
highway from this morning  
and came inland, the roads have been 
absolutely fantastic, great fun
it would be hard to put together a couple of days 
riding through Cebu that is absolutely awesome  
so this road winds its way down this way and then 
it will head back down Malolabol or whatever  
you call it. it's back that way. and I will put 
it up on the screen when get into the editing side of things
Barangay Tay Tay, come again. well so far so good, coming on the other 
side of the island heading back towards Cebu City  
is a lot more interesting, a lot less 
busy, and a lot more corners ,which I love
unfortunately a lot more dogs I just 
had to break really heavily to avoid  
one running across the road, well it's 
trotting to be more the word for it, they  
don't actually run those dogs much I've 
never seen one actually sprint very fast
that'll Bohol over there that 
big island in the distance [Music]  
one thing I've noticed about Asia is they 
tend to tint just about every window they  
can except for the front they're 
probably not allowed to do that one  
the problem with that is if you're riding 
a motorcycle you can't see through the car  
or you can't see through the SUV 
so it's like a big blind spot  
makes it difficult to see what's ahead sometimes 
when you're trying to pass the vehicle or  
yeah just ride safely, because you 
don't know if they're gonna brake  
for an obstacle, because you can't see what they 
see, because you can't see through their vehicle
welcome to Municipality of Alcantara
I've just set google maps to take me to Toledo
because I'm sort of enjoying going up this road
as opposed to the other side of the island which  
was fully industrial, this 
doesn't seem to be too bad
probably about the busiest time of the 
day for this road I'd reckon there's a  
school finishing, people are going about  
their shopping, knocking off work, that sort of 
stuff I suppose, and it's still not terrible
okay we've just turned off the other 
road and we're heading towards Toledo City 
 how many kids can you fit on a one motorbike/
there you go..... that many
well that's it for today's video 
guys I really hope you enjoyed   
it was a big day, really long day, not long after this it 
got really dark and I had to put the GoPro away  
so I couldn't do any more filming unfortunately,
so 
counting the rain delays at the Osmuna Peak, from the time I actually left the hotel in the morning 
to the time I actually got back again in the dark  
at night it was pretty close to 13 hours out and 
about and with most of that being on the seat  
of the motorcycle so you can imagine my bum was 
pretty sore but the time I finished for the day  
the next series of videos will be coming from the 
island I pointed out in the distance..Bohol 
and there's some really good roads over there 
and you're really going to enjoy those videos  
too I think. so anyway I really hope you enjoyed 
today's video if you did please give me a big  
thumbs up, subscribe down below, and I'll see 
you next time, thanks for watching foreign
[Applause]
