This Sinigang dish originated from our ancestors way back before the Spaniard colonized the Philippines.
We are going to cook Sinigang na Baboy and this are our ingredients. 
and this includes the measurements of each ingredients. 
We also added their photos so that you will clearly know what to buy when you go for grocery.  
Let's start by adding the pork belly in our cooking pan. 
If you are going to choose a meat for Sinigang, then get the one with bony parts. 
Anyhow, this bony parts of the meat adds flavor to your dish. 
Let's also add the tomato,
let's also add the onion. 
And of course, our Sinigang Mix
Let's boil over medium heat until the meat becomes tender. 
And also, let's wait for our meat to absorb the sourness of our souring ingredients. 
I'm not going to do any sauteing here because this is a quick way of cooking. 
That's why I use Sinigang Mix
And also, traditionally way back when, they (our ancestors) use the boiling method. 
The method of sautening was only introduced when the Spaniads arrived (in the Philippines). 
When our meat has been tenderized, then let's start adding our vegetables one by one. 
When we are cooking vegetables, let's start with the one that is longer to be cooked. 
Let's add first our long chili peppers
followed by the gabi (taro)
let's also add the labanos (radish)
And then, the string beans. 
let's also add our eggplant 
When you are cooking vegetables of Sinigang, don't cover it so that the vegetables will not be overcooked. 
Just let it boil until it is cooked. 
And the last ingredients that we are are going to add is the kangkong leaves. 
This is the fastest (ingredient) to be cooked. 
Taste, taste, taste, that's the secret of cooking deliciously.
We are going to add fish sauce
so that the Sinigang that we are cooking will taste more delicious. 
This is now our easy to cook and delicious Sinigang na Baboy
If you like this video, please don't forget to "like"
Subcribe also for the next videos that we are making. 
This is Pablo of MyFilipinoRecipes.com
Until next time, thank you for watching. 
