Hello everybody, welcome to another video on Reação Imediata channel.
And today we will react to Morissette Amon
Emotion (Destiny's Child)
and we hope you enjoy this video.
And if you are not subscribed to the channel, subscribe
and if you're already subscribed, enable notifications
and our instagram link is in the description of all videos.
We have several reactions to Morissette
access link in the top corner of the screen.
This will be the first reaction to your performance in this song
let's check the result of this song in Morissette Amon's beautiful voice
and let's go to the most important!
Let's go to the reaction!
-She sings with the body.
-For sure.
Wow, I don't remember hearing Morissette
use as many Melismas as this song.
True, there are many Melismas
and melisma is a type of ornament
that requires a lot of vocal agility
a lot of vocal flexibility because notes are execute very quickly
but everything in its right place.
It's interesting because this is so easy for Morissette
she has a light voice
but it's a very complete voice
because it uses smoothly issued notes
but we can already see
 that she was already moving
towards the Belting technique
your voice will become more potent.
It really is a very versatile and agile voice.
True, Morissette is a singer with impeccable tuning
mistakes in your voice are almost nonexistent
very few times
If I'm not mistaken it was only once
and for us it was not your fault
it was something more geared towards 
the microphone adjustment.
Amazing!
she sings extremely well
And easily right?
It really she has an amazing ease.
And as always very agile,
using many ornaments 
and always putting his artistic personality 
that is very much accompanied by Drive.
It is interesting to observe the harmony
 of your body and your voice
this is extremely important
we can observe that even in a performance
more intimate because she doesn't seem
to be on a big stage or event
she delivers her best and does everything professionally.
Morissette is that artist who uses her body to sing
she doesn't express herself only with her voice.
There are artists who are only satisfied with the voice, 
arrives at the venue and mounts her microphone, 
and just use the voice.
But she no! she uses her voice and body
and that's really cool because
it shows how deeply she's involved
with the song, what she's singing.
But I really liked the Melismas, 
she always uses it, 
but in this song she really explored that a lot,
Obviously the right way and very efficient
and that made his performance very beautiful and special
and next to that the Drives!
Morissette uses these distortions a lot...
...
Guys this is really very beautiful.
No doubt! But this is our opinion
now we want your opinion
write in the comments
what you think of this beautiful interpretation of Morissette
make more suggestions, click liked and share the video.
We hope you enjoyed this video
and see you in the next reaction!
Tchau (Goodbye)
