Yes, that's right, this time we are going to do a challenge, we are going to visit some friends today
to try some Philippine beers
What's up! How are you? Welcome once again to Manila, you know I'm Rodrigo, a Mexican in the Philippines
they are solely and exclusively 100% Filipino beers
so come with me let's buy them first
we are in SM supermarket, the truth is that there are many people, you do not expect to find so many people
the rows are ...
mission accomplished, we already have the beers, so see you tomorrow
Hi, how are you again? Well, it's Saturday and we're going to Makati.
For a change, let's go to Rockwell
here my friends very kindly lent us their house,
Jerry is German
Yael is Mexican
I have only lived one year here in the Philippines
and the truth is that I like it a lot, I like the weather
and friendly people, the international world in which we generally move
right now not because of the pandemic because everyone has already rushed to their countries
Yes, it's okay father, I like it. Also the weather, only sometimes it is too hot
people in general are super friendly, I love the beach, swimming, diving
I like it a lot
As you can see, Jerry speaks perfect Spanish
8 years teaching German to this little boy
German ?, teaching Spanish
Is it difficult for you to speak Spanish?
depends on the level of chelas (beers)
Jerry, like a good German
The Brewmaster
each one is going to taste the beers that we are presenting
later we will see if they can guess which beers we are giving them to try.
now we are going to introduce today's stellar guests
because we should sing the chelas (beers)
tasting
Rodrigo already made pure foam nothing else
yes
A little hot
-Yes, they are hot-they are hot
they can go to complain to the video of others
don't be fucking around
It does not have to be cold, in Mexico everyone likes it to be cold but in Germany they give it to you at the time
and nothing happens
ok, tell me what did you think of the taste of San Miguel Light
This gouache
Very tasteless, very light
It has no body, nor does it have foam
From 0 to 10, what grade do you give Jerry?
A 4
I also give it a 4
I 5
I'm going to give it a 5
The next will be a San Miguel Pilsen
I like it, it is a bit bitter but it has more body and more flavor
I like that it has more flavor, that it has more strength, still a little light
grade 7
I'm going to give it a 6
I give it a 6
I think it has a good flavor, it is better than Light, I also give it a 6
we are going to try san miguel premium
-I haven't tried that one-Me neither
It is not bitter but has a different aroma
to me it has a fruity smell, like banana
It hardly tastes like beer, very very light
It also confused me a bit, it seemed like a fruity taste, a little watery, I also give it a 5
-I didn't like it so much, I would give it a 5-I would give it a 7
-You guys are very rude.-We are hoping that there is more.
Let's try a Super Dry
I feel very sweet and it has almost no flavor for me
The Brewmaster
For me, this is the one I like the most so far, it's how a beer should taste
You feel a slightly bitter taste in the back of your throat and it stays with you
It is a flavor that stays with you like back here that bothers me
I don't know, I didn't like it, I give it a 4
I give it a 4
It doesn't make me a bad beer but it isn't a flavor that I like either
but of quality, possibly one of the best we have tried so far
I'm going to give it a 7
now we are going to try to test a Red Horse, I think the strongest there is here in the Philippines
It is 6.9 percent alcohol, which is quite high to make a beer
oh well if you go down with a 12, 13 percent
Belgian beer
With the Czechs
I no longer became strong
Despite being strong, it has a sweet taste, it tastes much more like a slightly more intense beer
It made me sweet, but it still doesn't taste the way it should
but I'm going to give it a 6, hear a wave and for the percentage of alcohol it has
I give it a 7
It's not my favorite, even if it's number one, hereui says ... I give it a 6
Indeed I think it is the strongest of all the beers we have had
It has a bittersweet taste but it didn't make me that bad
I think I'm going to give it an 8
There is also zero beer, these are recent, it is one of the last that they took out here in the Philippines
says it's low in calories, but let's see if the taste is worth it
smells good but tastes ugly
-Doesn't taste like Beer-Doesn't know
Like diluted beer
I like that it's bitter but it's a little watery, I'll give it a 4
I give it a ... no, I would not even try it again
I give it a 0
I give it a 3
I'll also give it a zero as its name says
now we are going to try some beers that have flavors, they have three different flavors here in the Philippines
this is lemon flavor
-I don't trust anything-Me neither
Just hearing that it is about flavors causes me something that ...
me, too 0
I don't like artificial lemon flavor
It's better than I expected, I'm going to give it a 4
I don't like this lemon flavor, I give it a 5
I agree that the flavor is super artificial, I give it a 3
these are the last two beers, they are also flavored
Apple Penultima
This is the one I have been taking lately and the one I always choose, I like the taste.
It's like drinking sparkling apple juice, I'll give it a 6
I was also surprised, it tastes a little beer, throwing more cider. A 6
I would give it a 7
The last one that we are going to try is also flavor and this is lychee flavor
we had not tried it before, this is new for everyone, I think
This one has a lot of aroma and a lot of perfume, I don't like it
I wouldn't think it's a beer, I give it 5
just because of everything you said, that it's not a beer, it's like juice, I don't know what it is ...
I'm going to give it a 2
I prefer the apple one, I give this a 5
So for not being beer, not having that beer flavor, I also give it a 2
we are going to select four or five flavors of what we just tried now
Each of you already knows that the flavor of each of the beers has more or less
and now they are going to have to guess what they are taking
we started
It is more bitter, I think
They made it difficult for me
and we continue
this is easy
like this
I think ... the bitter and the watery stay with this
and ... I don't know exactly, I think it's one of the two
but hey, I'm going to put this one
not sure
I think it could be this
it is only one !!!
maybe they mixed it up
ready?
I don't have any more
3 correct
They made it very difficult for me, right?
-But then I can change it if I consider?-yes, if you want
wait, wait
I am not sure of anything anymore
I feel like they made me very ugly
it's very easy, it's lychee's
I don't know
This one also tastes good watered down
final answer
which?
I feel like I'm not going to guess any
this is a bitter one that I don't like
I don't know
I'm going to apply Yael's
these are the same, can they be repeated?
they are all different
this is just as bitter as the first
this is the one I like, I think
this is lemon
I no longer know if he is strong or not
These two are super light and they must be these two but I don't know which is which
I don't remember
ready. I think
last answer, sure?
so, so already ...
Is this nothing else?
Nothing else is?
the first one was fine, but you changed it
it's our turn
Do we win or lose?
this is Red Horse
this is Premium
they are pure strong beers
there is none of flavor
By now, all these chingaderas taste the same
I don't think it's zero because it doesn't taste so bad
ready?
NO
here I have doubts
now ready
damn
super losers
Who won?
The Brewmaster
