What's up, super team? Hi. Hi, how are you?
I WANTMYLAUREN Um Um Um
I Always get asked are you coming to the Philippines? When are you coming to Brazil?
Are you coming to India Saudi Arabia just everywhere and I decided hey, I can't physically go to any of these locations
I mean maybe in the future we can go the time being I decided it would be really cool to just look at the money
that you guys have
 
I Ordered these banknotes from banknote WorldCom. They even gave me a free Vietnam dollar not dollar. It's a
$500 Dog. How much is 500 dong just over two cents nice
What's really cool about ordering banknotes is if they come with a certificate of authenticity.
And it guarantees that you've acquired a banknote and it's from like an authentic counting machine. I don't want to take it out
I want to ruin it because it's so beautiful. I
I Looked at a bunch of different websites
But this one was the most affordable what I really like about it is it's money has never been in circulation
So it's brand new sometimes money just touches a million people's hands and feet and you know
Some girls like to put it in their cleavage. It's just I'd rather have new money. It's pesos on the back
It looks like a palm give yet. So I guess this is a
Animal that is popular. They're called the palmcuvet. I guess is the the seal of the Philippines right there?
Here's a president. I think this is the 9th President
Manuel Whesion, it also says Filipino as the national language
1935 I guess it's not only just Filipino, but I know a lot of my friends speak to Tagalong
I don't know comment below if I'm wrong, but I have a lot of friends that are Filipino my best friend growing up
She was Filipino. I don't know. I just I've always been friends with Filipinos. I took ancestry.com
Tests so that I was 2% you know, so Def really is really cool Jonathan. What's 20 pesos?
Nice, so this is their independence house and the architecture looks so beautiful. I just makes me want to go there Oh a church
That's amazing. I would love to see churches in the Philippines. So although I can't afford to go to Philippines. I can have their dollars
Pesos guys comment below to. What are these things a mondo and Tanaka jr. Topiconandbackn
I'm totally probably saying all of these things wrong. Oh my god. They have the cutest animals. It's so cute
It doesn't even look real, fun fact. I used to collect coins growing up
So for me, this is really fun and cool to have these pristine bills. So hopefully I can get more of them
He's gonna have like maybe I always put money all over my walls. That'll be my new background his money. Wait
How much did we say two hundred pesos was?
As of today its three dollars nice and here nice we got the $50 one. This is cool
there's some soldiers on this 50 peso bill
It's from 2014 and right here this looks like a Congress first National Assembly in 1907
See, look I'm getting a history lessons by looking at this with you guys. What's 50 pesos? 96 cents
Nice. My favorite part was that I got a free gift this vietnam dong dong when I was a kid guys
I used to collect coins um
my grandfather got me into it he gave me some and then I just started buying them I would go and I was like my
Trip to the toy store
my parents would like bring me to this old guy who had all these coins and like little things and I'd be like
But I want those nickels and my parents are just like oh god, I don't even know where they are
now LIFE
comment below
 
What Country you would like me to react to in my next banknote video and we will do it if we get 500 likes I will
Do another video reacting to banknotes. So make sure you give it a like special. Thanks to banknote worldcom for making these amazing
banknotes, so it's a really awesome website and super easy to use and find different bank notes and if you go to their YouTube channel
You can also hear some history about bank notes, which is really cool. But anyway guys, I love you so much
Thank you for watching. Please follow me everywhere. I'm everywhere right like literally everywhere live in my description
Make sure to follow me on all my social medias. I play video games. I
Livestream all day. I post crazy pictures online and if lots of movies are out
So make sure you follow me share this video. And yeah, I love you guys so much. Thank you for watching. Peace subscribe
