After wrapping up our time in El Nido, we have made it all the way over to Boracay, 
and unfortunately, the weather has not been on our side on this beautiful island,
but good news we have our friends Greg and Jumi who have made it all the way over from Cebu with us,  
and with this bad weather we thought it would be the perfect time to bring them back into  
our lives and have another amazing opportunity 
to try some local Filipino food.
So we're super excited about that because we're gonna see the non-touristic side of Boracay with them  
We're gonna start with a fried quail egg called Kwek Kwek,
hope Jumi's gonna correct me if I mispronounced it
but this is one of those things where even like the local taxi drivers are coming up grabbing one as a snack, and...
let's go get eating!
Who's ordering? Am I ordering or you're ordering?
Well, you should order! Yeah
Do you like this? Kwek Kwek! Okay, it's good? Okay!
"Salamat!" (Thank you)
Of course Gokce is gonna do the honors...
We're holding like together.
This is our first street food in Philippines. - Yes!
All right, I'm gonna try because I don't want it to get cold. It's hot, right? - Hot!
Is this sauce like sweet? Yeah I think it's the sauce.
I don't want to drop the outer shell because I want to eat together.
It tastes like eggs but the outer shell is a little bit sweet
I think it's just kind of like - even the sweet little
powder and then it's crunchy on the outside
but I can't really differentiate it from my regular egg honestly... - No. - No - No
Traditionally, it's like smaller than this.
As a kid this is like our traditional (really) childhood street food snack.
so you could really see it - especially in the city - you can see it everywhere!
this is a little bigger, but still - kwek kwek!
Kwek Kwek!
Go ahead Steve!
Am I getting the bigger piece?
It's up to you!
Thank you for holding it by the way. - No problem!
Such a hospitable girl!
I didn't get the yolk part either but yeah.
No take it, take it! Definitely take it!
I'm gonna do it with my (hands)
That's good, that's good!
Sweat, a little crunchy as its fried.
I mean, I could easily see eating one of these by myself,
but of course we're sharing, because sharing is caring!
it's pretty good and I just love eggs, so you know I'll always go for one of these any day right on the street!
That's pretty awesome
This is another traditional merienda or snack during afternoon 
So this is bananacue; banana sugar coated with sugar!
Duh!
Caramelized banana... This is what you were 
kind of talking about right? - Yeah
Greg already kind of told me about that, but he's excited too!
This one's fresh. - Wow!
Thank you!
How much is it? - 15 pesos.
Okay [Music]
Oh my God! Look at this! How are we gonna eat this?
There is two sticks in here to support both of the bananas that have been deep fried basically
Holy cow! and it smell so good.
I am going to small one! (- Oh my gosh)
You can have the big one.
Would you like to go first then? - Yeah I'll go first.
It's a lot of calories today. 
I'm not going to be happy...
but I'm happy now.
We're gonna go run on the beach later.
Well look at the steam coming out of that.
Holy cow!
So good. I love bananas! 
Oh God, it's hot be careful.
All right, I'm not gonna lie, I would go for this sooner than the quail egg,
and we would get like ridiculously chunky off of eating this - all day, every day!
What an amazing snack, wow!
Yeah, it's not the regular banana that you just eat.
There are so many types of bananas. -Yes
But the one that people actually consume on a daily basis is actually one of them. - Yeah
It's the most frequently consumed one, because it's the one that everybody likes at most.
but this is (a different one) another I guess banana from the banana family. - Yeah
Holy crap Greg your stick is really crooked!
Oh, that's what she said!
I love how crispy it is on the outside [Music]
It's ripe banana too!
I am going to finish this and then give the rest to Steve.
and we'll walk a lot maybe we will run on the beach 
[Music]
Jumi was like "you have to try!"
She's showing everything! That's our favorite local food!
Very nice meeting you! Bye!
Traffic in the island, wow!
We're trying to move, let's go.
I love how this walkway is covered with sand. It feels like you're completely walking on the Sandy Beach but you're actually on the walkway!
Sideway? Whatever way it is!
So this is sticky rice. Sticky rice! this is sticky rice flour. Ube, remember Ube?
we had it with the Halo Halo? Oh yeah!
and this one is Bochi with sesame seed, very different.
Why don't they get one of each and four of us will share? - Yeah.
One, one, one (in Tagalog). Salamat (Thank you!)
Good job, good job, good job! -Thank you, thank you. I am learning.
Finally we can see some sunlight today after the pouring rain earlier, and now we're gonna try
this delicious snacks that Jumi picked for us.
So this is the sticky rice and... What is this made of?
Rice? Rice, of course and probably brown sugar
and it's served on the banana leaf. - Yeah
Really authentic.
I don't know how to properly eat this so I'm just gonna...
Bite it, bite it! - Oh bite? - Yeah bite. - OK!
Of course not bite the banana leaf. I'll just take this maybe? - Yeah that's fine.
Because I want to share it with you guys!
Pretty good! It's not too sweet to the point that it overwhelms you, but it's sweet enough that
it could be consumed like a dessert!
Feeding my man with my own hands!
If we had to rank the snacks that we've had so far today, this would right now be in last place.
It's very plain. The banana and even the quail egg were really delicious and this is just not my gem.
She's just going to feed me [Music]
I see, I see what you mean in there. It's not in my expectation.
It was supposed to be a little sweet but it was not that sweet. This one's a little bit blend.
Buchi, buchi!
I like the sesame seeds smell it reminds me of Simit (Turkish Bagel)
and I love Simit, and if you don't know what Simit is, well, you should watch our Turkish street food video!
That's interesting. What's in there?
I have no idea! I was about to ask you.
I don't know the Puchi that I'm so used to is straight like this filled with white thing.
I'll feed Steve and see. I like it though [Music]
Wow, it's a lot sweeter than I thought it was going to be.
I don't think it's egg!
Let's see if Greg knows the deal. Let's see what he is going to say.
You feed Greg now too!
It might be sweet and salted egg, I don't know! It 
has that kind of flavor. I am not sure!
I just love the smell!
Yeah the Sesame is really nice and chewy texture.
I just love the smell of the sesame seed, I just love love love sesame!
The chewy texture is really nice though.
I know, right?
Really interesting. By the way, this is "Travel  interesante" slash "Gökçe feeds everyone" and we're just gonna continue like this I guess for the rest of today.
Oh man, look at this! This is like a ...
It looks so beautiful to the point that I don't even want to eat it!
What is this?  - Sapin sapin.
Isa Isa Isa (One by one in Filipino). Sapin sapin. Salamat! (Thank you in Filipino)
She is so sweet!!
Gökçe is practicing to stay I think...
Okay... -  It's very sticky!
It looks like a jelly! - Like a lot less rice.
Straight purple!
There's literally no smell...
Okay!
...which is interesting. What should be my expectations?
It's salt is middle ground. - Middle ground, okay!
Should I bite into it? - It is up to you!
hahaha
It's...
It's a lot of emotions on your face!
It's stickier than the sticky rice and once you start chewing, it's hard to move your teeth. That's like how sticky it is actually, 
but I really like it! All right, I'm gonna let Greg 
try this time!
If there is any Malaysian viewers here, this reminds me right away of "kuih"
It's just like the sticky rice and probably coconut milk, let's see!
Oh yeah, now I get little bit flavor that tastes like coconut milk too. 
I like it really stretchy look it's still sticking to my hands!
[Music] I touched one little side. - I don't mind! - It's all you!
Oh my God!
Show some emotion, boy! - Hahahaha
I don't know what emotion to show! It's like I'm eating the color purple
it could be like the Turkish ice cream vendor just like screw with people! - Yeah!
I think the banana cue was the freaking winner! Yeah
Oh man.. -Banana is the winner!
I am so glad that you guys are down to have this traditional local Filipino merienda (snack)!
I loved it! I loved it! It's such a cool way, but I think we're gonna leave off for here today because
This amazing Sunset is poked out from behind the clouds for the first time since we landed here that we're seeing Sun.
so let's go enjoy that and we'll uh you know pick up that another time!
Alright, we're gonna start our day, of course, with 
some coffee,
and we're lucky, because apparently Greg and Jumi also love drinking coffee,
and we didn't know but in Philippines, apparently, Coffee Culture is huge!
They actually have their own local beans. So we came to this really cute local coffee shop that
Greg found out about and they are so friendly!
They even offered us some coffee beans and now we're gonna try and taste their delicious coffee [Music]
I got Ice Latte, right? - Yes you did!
Okay, all right!
It's delicious! Steve got some light roasted I believe, roasted beans for me.
Without milk, I would understand the origin of Filipino beans taste better, maybe I should try Jumi's coffee
If she's OK with it! All right!
Oh, I think she got medium or dark roasted, right?
It was light. - This is light!
Yours is light? - Yeah!
Oh my God! Even though this is not dark or medium roasted, it tastes actually very strong, but I prefer it with milk!
That's me!
I always thought that the darker is stronger! -Same, same!
It's the light roasted which has more caffeine and has the kick!
It's such a tricky way (of naming)
The lighter it is, the more kick it has, but the darker it is the less kick but it has more flavor in the darker.
I didn't even think that Philippines actually had their own coffee beans...
That is so sad because we really have great coffee.
I mean coming to think of it, in Latin America they have good coffee, great coffee!
We almost share the same kind of tropical weather. -Yeah!
But let's say for example southeast Asia, like it has great coffee. Thailand has like amazing coffee!
So does Philippines, and I love Filipino coffee!
After having our coffee, Jumi and Greg said that it's time to dig into some Filipino breakfast
and trying Tapsilog for the very first time 
here in a local side of Boracay, which is actually  
pretty cool. And we got the Tapsilog which is going to be beef so then Gokce of course decided  
to get a whole big plate of what's called "Bihon" which is Jumi...
Fried glass noodle
Okay, so like not exactly like Yum Woon Sen in Thailand as Jumi was explaining, but I mean
it looks delicious. It was a lot bigger of a portion that Gokce and I were expecting so
hopefully Greg and Jumi help us with this delicious looking food!
The "silog" is just the garlic rice and the egg itself so I'm going to start out with that!
This is so good, I love eggs!
I feel like the rice is a little bit on the dry side, I'm gonna let the expert to confirm that I'm not mistasting this!
Jumi, you are going to show your opinion on this
Traditionally, silog is fried rice that's left over from the night before, like our dinner. So in the morning we make it into a fried rice!
and the egg is of course available so we add egg and then whatever still we want, something else, there's either beef, fish, or anything else!
Because you know it's the Philippines, there's always 
leftover rice! - Yes!
We don't want to waste our rice so that's what we're gonna end up doing, fry in the morning!
What is this? - This place is called "Tebanz"; Lapaz, Batchoy, Tagsilogan!
So they're probably more known as Lapaz & Batchoy!
I'm assuming this is going to be a garlicky soup!
Why don't you add that garlic soup on a garlic rice?
Yeah go for it! - Is that what I'm supposed to do?
You could do that! - Okay!
It definitely brings out the garlic flavor of the rice a little bit more, still, I've had better rice here in the Philippines!
Sorry!
All right so I have them all together in one spoon
so I'm chewing forever because the meat is super chewy!
So it is like a turkey!
10 minutes later...
This is how you are supposed to eat it Steve because now it tastes so much better!
I'm not a huge egg person, but I like it!
I was totally not expecting it to be like that. - It is a massive plate!
So much food!
It is massive. - And it looks delicious. - Yeah it looks delicious now!
Apparently, there are two types of bihon, either as a soup or dry.
I actually picked this one because just seeing this remind me of "yum woon sen" (Thai food).
I am very excited to dig in right now!
We also put some calamansi on top of this because it's dry and now it's going to be a little bit juiced up with the calamansi.
And I absolutely love calamansi! I can't talk anymore I really need to get in!
I am gonna try it with the spicy sauce, I put it on the side because I want to make it like adjustable spice for Steve.
Because, you know, I'm a little bit crazier than him!
I can get that spicy taste immediately in my mouth actually right now.
I really miss the glass noodle. It is so good!
It's definitely absolutely different than "yum woon sen"  just like Jumi said.
I love it. I legitimately love it!
Are you gonna be sharing that with Steve, or ...?
Yeah! I'm sorry, did you want some?
Um, you know...
I didn't know that you were hungry!
Classic Gökçe, always stealing my food!
That's true, that's actually true.
I'm gonna share it with my friends though...
Not Steve, she's going to make Steve watch.
My friends! Steve you know the difference.
Greg and Jumi! Guys dig in, this is really really good!
We're gonna have Food and Footprints approval 
on this!
Spiced this up a little bit [Music]
Chilly sauce is no joke and I think I put a little bit too much. 
Yeah that's what I thought!
I like it though!
That's really good. I'm not used to getting behon 
with like that much chili on it. I like that though!  
Jumi, tell us how you really feel!
This has flavor... It is limey and with scallions in there
Let's finish this up and guys we have so much more eating coming up today!
Can't wait!
So this is Balut. It's steamed duck embryo. So its 17 days
meaning its not fully grown into duckling, but 
there's
a little bit probably of duckling in there. But it's a classic and iconic nighttime snack.
I'm really a little bit worried right now, Jumi has picked
out ours though and it's like a whole...  am I supposed to just
break it open and just..?
It's marked where should we open it because it 
has to be
where the most embryonic fluid is.
so I'm just going to stuck it out for lack of a better
way to describe it. (Laughter) 
Sip it, sip it, sip it!
Oh, it's like warm. A little salty.
That's so... So strange, man!
this is such an odd thing to eat for me, there's no food in
the US obviously like this at all.
the juice is tasty but it's such a... oh my God [Music]
Eat the entire thing now!
Like the whole (thing)?
Whole thing!
Good luck!
Go for it. Don't think about it. 
Go Steve!
Go! More! More! MORE!
That's really good, but it's so freaking weird man!
It really is
All right so this is definitely our choice, and not Greg and Jumi's choice
but we had to do it while we were here in the Philippines.
and it seems like everybody is here right now!
This is of course the Filipino famous Jollibee and we cannot wait to of course check it out for the first time ever!
This is of course the most local of Filipino foods 
but when in the Philippines, you try Jollibee!
Oh wow, it's really happening, huh!
Okay!
I've never seen Jumi this excited!
Greg we're gonna share a bucket of chicken
Yeah chicken is a must.
Any other like must that we have to have here?
I think you gotta try spaghetti, uh, I wish you weren't Italian uh....
It's kind of crazy and not the spaghetti you are used to but you gotta try it!
Okay!
Peach mango pie is a must!
Jollibee is taking over the freaking world!
Thank you!
Jollibee! 
Gigantic chicken piece, oh my God!
Is it good?
good food!
Oh it is so juicy!
Yeah!
Wow! I'm so impressed Steve. I'm so sorry you're not eating right now [Music]  
Got freaking crunch! Move over KFC, Jollibee is coming for you!
It's a family pan of pasta like and a lot of sauce, jesus!
Jumi loves it!
And there's hot dogs in it!
There's hot dogs in it? Oh my God!
It's like a New York street vendor got drunk and just decided to make his own like cooking shop
Holy!!
Sorry, sorry Mr. Italian.
Sorry to your nana!
You like it a lot!
It's like so wrong and so right at the same time.
Let me taste it one more time with a hot dog. I got a ... that is just such an absurd thing. Pasta in a hot dog?
The sauce is sweet, half of me just like loves it and half of me is just like "what the hell am I eating"? [Music]
I feel like it broke my tongue.
Yeah that's actually a really good way to describe it like I I honestly have no idea. It tastes good!
Last but not least Gokce is gonna try the peach mango pie which is also Super Famous here.
It's very sweet. It doesn't make me feel as good as pasta does, so I'm just gonna go back to that! [Music]
Hahaha!
So we weren't sure really what to expect when we were coming here and it's definitely surprised us a little bit for sure.
How good is it smelling here? - Amazing! Wow! It's 
really really like....
I'm gonna eat everything!
And we are back to Europe! Well, it feels like it anyways! 
