Hello there, and welcome to Foodie Legends,
your go-to source for the best foods to eat
around the world and their history.
In our previous episode, we explored the islands
of the Philippines to get a taste of the country’s
most exotic delights that can challenge even
the most daring connoisseurs.
But before we dive in, don’t forget to hit
the Subscribe and Notification Bell, so you
guys can catch up to our latest food journeys.
Without anything further to do, let’s go!
Coming in number one on our list is the tiyula
itum, a dish that is not so widely known in
the other parts of the Philippines, but a
true gastronomic delicacy from Mindanao that
deserves a spotlight.
Tiyula itum is a dish that originated from
the Tausug people, one of the major tribes
in Mindanao.
The Tausug are known to be fierce warriors
and brilliant craftsmen, and their ingenuity
as a tribe can be seen in their culture and
of course, in their cuisine.
The coconut is a beloved ingredient in Philippine
cuisine, especially its milk, known as the
“gata”, used on curry-like dishes in the
northern and southern regions alike.
The Tausug however, takes the use of coconut
one step higher.
In tiyula itum, they not only use the coconut’s
cream, but they actually char the coconut
itself, the shell included!
The coconut flesh is charred enough to be
dark, but not over toasted to make it taste
like charcoal.
Once the charring process is done, the flesh
is then pulverized, looking almost like a
gunpowder.
The perfectly toasted coconut has a deeper
flavor, like a roasted nut.
The philosophy of this cooking method is similar
to grilling the pepper to give it a deeper
and roasted taste and aroma.
After the process of charring the coconut
meat, cooking tiyula itum is pretty easy.
The meat used is usually chunks of beef or
goat, which is rubbed and marinated in various
spices and the powdered burnt coconut meat.
The marinated meat is then sauteed with garlic,
onions, ginger, turmeric, and galangal, known
in Mindanao as “lengkuas”.
Once the meat is browned, water is added together
with other herbs and spices such as black
pepper, lemongrass, and shallots to simmer
until the soup is cooked.
For someone who wants a creamy consistency,
they add coconut milk to thicken the broth.
This Mindanao soup dish is usually eaten with
“tamu” also known as hanging rice, wrapped
in palm leaves.
Tiyula Itum is often called “Food for the
Royalty” and often served in special occasions
such as weddings, or during the Hari Raya
festivities, also known as Eid al-Fitr.
Coming in number two on our list is a dish
that is well-loved by the people in Mindanao
because it is not only delicious, but also
affordable, convenient, and very easy to make:
the Pastil.
Pastil, also known as patil, patel, pater,
or patir, is a dish that originally came from
Maguindanao, and a very popular meal in Mindanao,
especially for the Muslim Filipinos.
Pastil is the ultimate all-in-one dish: the
Philippines’ answer to the American burger
and the Korean bibimbap.
Pastil is basically steamed-rice topped with
a dry and shredded meat.
It is wrapped in banana leaves and often sold
on the streets, usually as a breakfast meal
or as a quick dinner meal for workers and
students alike.
The meat used for this dish can be beef, chicken,
or fish, as long as it is “halal” foods
that are acceptable in the Islamic traditions
as prescribed in the Quran.
First, the meat boiled until tender, then
cooled down and shredded to little strips.
Once this process is done, the shredded meat
will then be sauteed on a hot pan with garlic,
onions, and seasoned by oyster sauce or soy
sauce, black pepper, and chilis.
Basically, the meat is just cooked like the
typical Filipino adobo, but a lot spicier
to be favorable to the spicy flavor preference
in Mindanao.
This meat component of the pastil is called
the “kagikit”.
It will then be set aside as the banana leaves
will be wilted over an open flame to give
it a nice aroma and make it pliable.
Meanwhile, the rice used in pastil is usually
white rice mixed with glutinous rice to keep
its shape, steamed normally.
The steamed rice is then placed on the banana
leaf, shaped like a cylinder.
The kagikit will be placed on the rice as
a topping, and then will be wrapped like a
burrito.
And there you have your pastil, served between
ten to twenty pesos depending on the size.
You can eat pastil just as it is and still
find it delicious, but there are various side
dishes offered by pastil stalls that can make
your pastil taste even better!
Coming in number three on our list is the
piaparan, a dish that truly represents the
Mindanao people’s love for the scorching
yumminess of the chili.
Piaparan is a dish that is the culinary pride
of the Maranao people hailing from Lanao Del
Sur.
Piaparan is a Maranao-style of cooking in
which usually chicken is the main ingredient,
although seafood such as shrimp is also preferable.
The chicken is cooked in a coconut-milk based
broth with spices such as garlic, onions,
turmeric, ginger, young wild shallots which
are also known as “sakurab”, labuyo chili,
and shredded coconut.
What makes piaparan amazingly hot is the special
spice mixture that is Mindanao's answer to
sambal: the palapa.
Palapa is a Maranao condiment made from sakurab,
pounded ginger, turmeric, labuyo chili, and
toasted grated coconut.
These ingredients are simply mixed together
and cooked until quite dry, and then stored
in jars to extend its shelf life.
Palapa is very spicy with just a tiny hint
of sweetness.
Regardless of its intimidating flavor, palapa
is a good dish to add in your cooking, or
you can simply add it on your steaming plate
of rice!
The chicken is then removed from the pot and
topped with a yellow mixture of shredded coconut,
palapa and chilis.
Meanwhile the remaining soup will be enhanced
by coconut milk, an assortment of vegetables
such as chayote or cabbages, and more spices,
which will be served alongside the piaparan.
Piaparan is a staple dish in Maranao cuisine,
and usually served as part of the “Dulang”
, a special set of delicious dishes served
during funeral services for the mourners,
or other special occasions.
Maranao dishes are popular for their yellow
tint due to their dominant use of turmeric,
and piaparan is truly the forefront of this
tempting food repertoire.
Coming in number four on our list is a dish
that sailed its way hundred of kilometers
away, finding its way to the humble island
of Mindanao: the beef kulma.
Beef Kulma is a very interesting dish originating
from the Tausug people of Zamboanga.
Many food historians recognize the similarity
of beef kulma with Korma, a curry dish from
the Indian subcontinent and they believe that
this Tausug dish is a descendant of its Indian
counterpart.
Beef Kulma is a unique Mindanao dish because
it utilizes peanuts, which made eaters compare
it with Kare-kare, a peanut sauce-based beef
stew from Pampanga, a province in the island
of Luzon.
What makes beef kulma different from kare-kare
is the use of coconut milk, and of course,
the signature flair of Mindanao love for spice.
Just like any other soup dishes and stews
in Filipino cuisine, beef kulma is a product
of patience.
The beef must be simmered to create this wonderful
broth that is an essential part of the dish.
Once the beef is soft, it is set aside, and
the broth reserved for later.
On a hot pan, garlic and onion are sauteed
until soft, which are then followed by the
beef chunks, broth, and the coconut milk to
be simmered down.
Spices like lemongrass, chilies, and seasoning
are then added, together with the peanut sauce.
Now, you can use either a generous serving
of peanut butter, or you can make your own
peanut sauce by processing these nuts in a
processor.
Alongside the rich coconut milk, the peanut
sauce gives the stew a thick consistency and
a subtle sweetness that compliments the spiciness
of the dish.
Beef kulma is a popular dish during Muslim
celebrations, and how could you not serve
this luxurious beef delight in such joyous
occasions?
Why wouldn’t you?
Have you tried having grilled skewered meat
for breakfast?
Do you find it a strange thing to eat in the
morning, or do you find it a delightfully
curious breakfast option?
If your answer to both questions is yes, then
our next pick is the right one for you.
Coming in number five on our list is Satti
de Zamboanga.
Satti de Zamboanga is a dish that originated
from…well, Zamboanga, a regional dish that
is the all-time favorite of Muslim and Christian
Filipinos who coexisted there for a very long
time.
ever since the establishment of Spanish settlements
in that part of Mindanao.
Satti de Zamboanga is a variant of Satay,
a skewered meat dish popular in Malaysia,
Indonesia, and other countries in Southeast
Asia.
The meat used in Satti de Zamboanga can either
be beef or chicken, marinated with calamansi,
salt, sugar, and achuete.
Then the marinated meat slices are skewered
in barbecue sticks to be grilled over live
charcoal.
While satay has a rich peanut sauce that can
be drizzled over the skewered meat and the
rice, Satti de Zamboanga is somewhat different.
This Mindanao dish also has a sauce, but instead
of dipping the satti on this sauce or drizzling
on it, Satti de Zamboanga is actually swimming
in its own sauce!
Satti de Zamboanga has a bright red sauce
that is spicy with just a sweet background
note.
It has a distinct crimson color because of
a combination of minced chili and annatto
powder, also known as achuete.
This sauce is slightly thick because of the
cornstarch mixture, with some coconut milk
added.
It is not very spicy, but hot enough to make
your throat begging for mercy.
This spicy breakfast dish is not complete
without a good batch of sticky rice cakes
cooked in a woven coconut leaf, and unwrapped
to join the barbecue swimming in the hot pool
of sauce.
Satti de Zamboanga is a special dish that
can not only fill your stomach enough to keep
you fueled for the half of the day, but its
spice can surely wake you up better than a
hot cup of coffee.
Thanks again for tuning in with us here at
Foodie Legends for our latest episode.
I hope you enjoyed this video and got a nice
taste into the hot and tantalizing dishes
that Mindanao has to offer!
Before you go, be sure to LIKE this video
and CLICK THE SUBSCRIBE BUTTON for more delicious
content every week!
We’d love to hear your thoughts too, so
leave a comment below to let us know what
your favorite part of the video was or if
you want to just leave us with a few thoughts!
You guys are awesome, thanks again for watching,
See you on the next one!
