Hey guys today we're gonna show you how we cook Nilaga!
Nilaga is a classic Filipino beef soup that consists of beef shank and an assortment of vegetables, all
slowly simmered in a flavorful beef brotha
To make our Nilaga, you'll want to start with about four pounds of beef shank with the bone-in.
If your beef shank are as big as ours you'll want to cut them into smaller pieces.
We ended up cutting ours in half, once
because these big chunks of meat are eventually going to shrink a little bit and come apart on their own.
When making Nilaga, we highly recommend using a super deep pot, that way when you're boiling it for a couple hours,
there's little to no chance of it boiling over. This pot was 16 quarts and about 10 inches deep.
Begin by placing your beef shank into the pot.
Then drop in three to four beef bones or however many you'd like. These bones are what are going to infuse a deep rich flavor
into your broth.
Next add in one large onion cut into six sections.
Followed by two teaspoons of salt,
one teaspoon of black pepper and 12 cups of water.
Cover your pot and bring it to a boil. Once at a boil lower the heat and simmer it for about three to four hours.
Afterwards pop off the lid and
skim off any excess fat floating at the top. And
then fork the meat to check if it's tender. This next part might seem a little weird
but once we find the meat is tender, we like to remove all the meat and set it aside.
We do this in order to keep simmering the broth to further develop its flavor and
also so that the meat doesn't get too tender and fall apart during the process.
If you want, you can also test the broth to see how it currently tastes.
Otherwise go ahead and cover it again and keep simmering everything for another hour or so.
When it's done,
sample your beef broth to check if it's to your liking.
If your broth is on point go ahead and add in 4 peeled red potatoes that have each been cut in half. And
simmer everything for about 15 minutes.
Then fork your potatoes to see if they're fully cooked.
Once they're cooked remove the beef bones to make room.
Then add two pieces of corn each cut into three smaller pieces.
Next reintroduce your beef shank and drop them in.
Followed by half to three-quarters of a head of cabbage.
Now just continue simmering your Nilaga for another six minutes. And
then shazam! You just got a one-way ticket to flavor-town!
Nilaga is best served with white rice and a side of fish sauce. It's talagang tasty!
