Yo, this thing my sleep is messed up because I woke up by like a three o'clock in the morning and it's out
BTS mic drop steve aoki
Remix if you guys are a host Steve
Aoki is now you know I did go to Ultra Music Festival one year
When I was younger when I was working at Ultra Music Festival and dude throws hella cakes so
Steve Aoki actually you guys should watch the Steve Aoki a
Documentary actually that's actually pretty dope to watch on Netflix
anyways B, kiss might drop
Official mbc do ki remix. Anyways you already know where it is. Let's begin what's going on dry right here at BTS Sydney
We're just having a good time play my intro
I
Be test might drop official music video, there's the Steve Aoki remix, let's go, let's get it. I got the captions on everything let's go
Big hair entertainment up in this bitch whoo
All right I
Hope he never cuts off his hair
Steve Aoki oh
Snap is that the army Oh?
Jay ho
Ho B. Oh you see them without shoes I know the Air Force won't stay this way
All right, so it's Cesar. I know they're gonna be like moshpit in now be dope I guess has the army just gonna
Look like they're ready for battle shit ah
World business core
Bujji
- way to hide for this morning oh
Damn sorry mommy oh ma your son is killing it. Oh look at that. It's closed up. Dude. They look so cool
See my back, did you see my back oh?
What'd you take what do you think?
Catchin up bitch
My craw young man, did you see it? Did you see their bag?
get that is Jimin I
Don't know how you did that Ashley. I'm not gonna try I
Guess steve aoki
Trying to be a you know do that DJ tough stuff?
Oh
Okay
Hello dick y'all know about the hella thick don't you hello stick?
Yo this ago I forgot man Michael shit Mike drop
Oh any browser exploit Michael Bay came up in this
This should make me it's a perfect response to like haters say did you see my bad?
It's not hey for real, O'Shea we're gonna do we don't know their
Age in Taeyang
Why my body will
Damn he is still wearing up them headbands, and I love it. I need get me one again. That's Gucci right?
Of course sure there's the one of the drop the mic
Huh, there was so much happening
There was so much happening wrong
Yeah, you only see this dance moves in my mind my room because I'll probably never show this off anywhere else
I mean nom doodles like rapping in English
Head look good. Did you see my bag? Hella trunk bees in this hell of thick oh?
My haters dance, it's not a mic, but it's it's something
I
Must stop my kya steve aoki remix is late. I mean you saw my trap when they had um
The live and they showed the choreo and everything yo this makes the evidence pointed to it
We're supposed to do something with the designer something okay. I found the audio is featuring designer
It's crazy that designers on this, but you signed a music video, which sucks. I wanted. Maybe they filmed it already
That's why we could add it him I feel like the kid oh
Here it is
She likes Apple Jacks II like applesauce
Why are you trying to flex and your fashion off
Smoking on that guess I ain't gassing off
Guys what do you think of my crop steve aoki?
remix and also featuring designer puttin comes down below guys
Thank you guys for always liking this video sharing this video and subscribing can't thank you enough
I think Thanksgiving just passed over like you know like I didn't really eat
My I just had like pumpkin pie to be honest. I just wanna say I'm thankful for all of y'all
I'm thanking for everyone there. Who are dreamers. Thank you. I'm very thankful
I couldn't be here without y'all and I couldn't do the things I do without y'all
So I just want to say that yeah keep on dreamin dreamers dream believe do repeat you have a dream out there for some hard
Work into it it might. Just come true
Also, the 8mm are having a Black Friday sale in cyber monday sales
So go check that out link in description keep on listen to music
It feels good keep listening to kpop music in general
Just keep listen to it who cares what people says and haters gonna hate listen listen haters are gonna hate
Just don't give them any attention just focus on a success focus you know I'm saying
Anyways see boy JRE. I'll see you guys to the next video ok bye for now oh
My god girl. I found myself. Hey you better subscribe
