In 1983, the rule of Ferdinand Marcos was crumbling.
He had ruled The Philippines for decades,
but the people started to turn against him.
Ninoy Aquino was a prominent opposition leader who lived in exile in the United States.
When he returned to The Philippines, he was shot dead upon arrival.
This was to many the final straw.
The people resisted and ultimately overthrew Marcos.
He fled to Hawai’i, and later that same year, elections were held. 
But the results were particularly painful to Marcos’ supporters.
The wife of his nemesis became the new president. 
Corazon Aquino won the elections and was sworn in as the 11th President of The Philippines.
In the subsequent years, there were multiple attempts to overthrow her administration,
but none as serious as in December 1989.
This is the week that democracy almost ended in The Philippines, with hindsight.
The first years of democracy were tough, as they often are.
Many people in high positions still supported Marcos
or they opposed the rapid changes that Aquino was making to their country.
In 86, she became the nation’s president,
and within a year The Philippines had adopted a completely new constitution.
It was modelled on the United States,
The power of government is divided between a senate,
a house of representatives, an independent judiciary,
and is led by a president who has a limited time in office.
This constitution, in its fundamental form,
is still used in The Philippines today, and many,
regard Aquino as The Philippines’ “Mother of Democracy”.
But in those first decisive years, she also faced a lot of criticism.
Her governance was said to be weak and scattered.
And certain high-level supporters of Marcos started plotting against her. 
There were multiple attempted coups in the first two years. 
Every couple of months, an attempt was made.
Often by a few high-level figures in the government and military that hoped for the return of Marcos.
But only 1 came close to succeeding.
It started on November 29th.
Late at night, a team of Scout Rangers destroyed a communication station of the Armed Forces, 
a day earlier than planned.
But despite this false start, rebels in hiding throughout the metropolitan area heard this signal
and began their coordinated attacks.
The government was in high alert.
The next day, the rebels gained their first successes.
They attacked the Villamor Air Base and managed to enter the highly secured area. 
They neutralized the Helicopter Wing and all its assets.
They sealed off the Commanding General of the Philippine Air Force on the third floor of the building.
The base was now under rebel control.
They surrounded and secured the Army Operations Center
and occupied the First Scout Ranger Regiment to the north of Manila.
The rebels were making frightening, fast progress.
On December 1st, Corazon Aquino was supposed to be overthrown.
There were large scale operations throughout the city, taking place at the same time.
Rebels took control of the domestic and international terminals of the city’s main airport.
They barricaded runways to render them useless.
Those same rebels later moved towards Manila Bay but ran into a roadblock.
The blockading military unit refused to join the rebels and a firefight ensued.
At the general headquarters of the Philippine military, 
the Logistics Command sided with the rebels.
They occupied the Joint Operations Center and were confronted by other forces that sided with the government.
Other rebels that occupied the Villamor Air Base
proceeded and with little resistance managed to occupy two television stations. 
One of which, was government-controlled.
This made it more difficult for the government to communicate to the people.
The North and South harbors were then also overpowered by rebel forces.
And in the South of the Philippines,
a commander took control of the influential Mactan Air Base, and then sided with the rebels.
The rebels were gaining the upper hand and now had strategic military assets under their control. 
But what they were after, was the presidential palace.
This final blow had to be delivered from the air.
Shortly after midnight, rebels managed to take control of Sangley Point.  
They took over the government’s air assets, isolated commanders, and controlled the flight line.
Once the air base was under control, they loaded three airplanes with bombs and guns, and took off.
They dropped the first bombs on the presidential palace.
Then continued and shot at government troops around the television station.
They then bombed the headquarters of the military and the police, causing it to burn to the ground.
The rebel airplanes took off at 6:25 am and continued bombing until 10 am.
But around 1 pm, government airplanes took off to bomb Sangley Air Base.
They destroyed the rebel airplanes and their fuel dump,
and this was a major turning point.
That same evening, government troops advanced on Sangley Point and managed to get it back in control. 
On December 2nd, early in the morning, the government reclaimed the North and South Harbor.
At the rebel stronghold at the national headquarters of the army, rebels began abandoning their positions. 
They loaded up with heavy weapons and moved into the Makati business district,
where they secured a heavily fortified rebel stronghold.
The TV stations, after a 2-hour battle, fell back into government hands.
At Mactan Air Base, in the south of the country, fighter pilots had joined forces and managed to escape.
The rebel general was now left in control over the base but didn’t have any pilots to fly his helicopters or planes.
The general refused to surrender and threatened to blow up all air assets if the government were to attack him.
But at the general headquarters of the army, fighting intensified.
A high general sided with the rebels, but some of his soldiers refused his orders.
A long night of fighting ensued and would last until the next day,
when government forces finally gained the upper hand.
The danger of a coup was swayed off, but rebel forces still had the upper hand in Mactan,
and in the business area of Manila.
The world was watching as the government negotiated with the rebels.
On December 7, the rebels ended their occupation of the business area in Manila.
Two days later, rebels in Mactan also formally surrendered, and the attempted coup was over.
It has almost become synonymous to talk about the involvement of the United States
when discussing this attempted coup,
but their role is overstated.
This declassified memo reveals that Aquino asked for U.S. assistance on Friday, November 30th.
They provided air cover to allow Philippine forces to attack,
they did not fire a shot and ceased overflights on Saturday morning.
On December 1.
And according to the official report from the Filipino government,
the U.S. only flew over Manila shortly after 2 pm.
More than an hour after the Philippine government had already destroyed the airplanes of the rebels.
So the U.S. did not play a crucial role in turning this around.
The same report states that the political value of the flights is questionable.
But the immediate effect to the public was probably one of relief at the thought
 that the US was firmly on the government side.
But that relief, in hindsight, was a disaster for Aquino.
Even her most-fanatic supporters saw it as a weakness that she needed to call upon the US for help.
During her 6 years in office, there were 9 attempted coups,
but none came as frighteningly close as in December 89.
Watch one of these two videos next.
The one on the left is about the day Indonesia won independence from the Dutch,
the one on the right is YouTube’s best pick for you to watch next.
So click on the thumbnail that’s most enticing to you, and I’ll see you there.
