So I am here guys because I'm grinding the the wall
Why I'm grinding the wall to make it smooth
Hi guys, Im grinding the wall today,
and this is what Im doing. Im grinding the lower part of the wall.
Because we will gonna put a floor list.
And its a wood list which doesnt fit because of the plaster.
 
so I need to grind it.
With this
And also to the sides
this part here and the top part.
and the lower part.
Down here.
I hope you were able to see it.
I will show you how it looks like after?
Hi guys. I'm here. I'm grinding the wall  here because
to make it smoother, but this wall here that we can use the big machine tool to do it and
I'm done already , down there.
You should show them.
So there is the machine guys
connected to the
Vacuum cleaner. So hubby   gonna show you how to do it.
So guys I will gonna try to do it.  Its quite big.
It's taller than me. See here and  this is the head and there's lights
so I will try to do to do it if I can maybe it's
It's quite heavy. It's really heavy like four kilos.  Five
Ohh Its five kilos guys.
Where is the on botton here.
I'm here guys painting this wall.
I'm done on the other side.  Im already done there. So Im here painting the upper part.
Like that , there
So we're almost done here guys were just
We just need to put the gips on that side.
The next would be painting.
So the ceiling is not yet done.
So maybe  hubby gonna paint it later .  This is the base coat guys. It is not yet the paint.
So yeah, it's almost done. . So we're here guys in the Masters bedroom. So
As you can see in that
Wall there that is already done with the  first coat
so I'm now into this wall and
the next would be in this wall and at the back of me is the last one so
Three more walls and I'm almost done with the first base
Guys  it looks so easy, but it's really tiring
See there, it looks gray
It really looks better when there is a  plaster.
But you are so lazy to do it. The ceiling. Yeah
No
So here guys is already done with the painting here. So, this wall
And wall at the back
this wall here and
This wall . So the next thing we're gonna do here is tomorrow maybe we will  gonna grind it with that
Machine, the next is we will gonna
Re painted again with the base and we gonna grind it again and then the paint the final touch
And the ceiling is also done
So yeah
The three rooms should be done this week because the electrician will gonna come and then put the floor
No, put the warm cables  on the floor  so we need to finish this one this weekend,
now
Hubby is painting
this room here in the ceiling.
It's tiring
So it's getting it's not so you can't really see it in
Camera, but it's quite
Looks nice now when it's painted
There there is not painted that and there is painted ones
So  that wall guys we're all gonna close it today by this
We were gonna use this one here this this is all gips  looks like
plywood
but this is like solid and
This is covered with a paper or a cardboard and if you gonna
Cut it with a the use of a cutter you can  just easily knock it down. And this one is like
It will turn into
powder
That one there
see
What Im doing here now guys is I'm plastering those tiny holes in the wall to make it
Perfect with when you ganna paint it. I'm using here a
Light so I'll gonna do like this
Like that so you can see the
the small dot or small lines that needs to be fill up  and
Then if I can see that there is, the i will gonna
use this one?
this is a plaster so I'm gonna fill it up here and
I will gonna show you how to do it
It's not so clear in the  video guys because it's white here and
The plasterr is also white but
In person, it's really obvious that there's a dot or a
lines, so we need to fill it.
Here in Norway guys we use
screw instead of nails and
That's why it's a little bit easier to to have it in the wood
Is it easier?
it easier to use the screw?
Yes of course It's much faster
And much stronger.
