Hi my loves, I am here in my office
Because I am editing vlogs
and I just been to post office..it's so hot that's why I am out of breath
I am chatting with my idol Mary Ann from Mary Ann Reality Tv
The video that I am editing is the house tour
I hope there's a lot of people will be looking forward to this house tour
as there a few people suggested or commented if I can do house tour
I did do the house tour yesterday,
I also included the area, I can't say it's a garden because its not look like a garden, it's just field
I hope you'll be excited about it but please don't judge it as it is very simple, nothing modern
Many people we're saying we got a big house but its actually small. Look can be deceiving!
Mary Ann: Look guys please help  Mia is worried
Mia:I am worried because of my camera has a problem before but it's all sorted
Mary Ann: We are always video chatting
Mia: Yes we do
Mary Ann: She is also recording
Mia: Yes I am recording!
Mia: My loves, I am talking to my idol sitster Ann
Mia: Her she is..
I forgot the time, its 4o'clock in the afternoon
And I haven't prepare our tea yet
I was editing and completely forgot the time
So what will be having tonight is chiken and new potatoes cuz we did harvest some  potatoes yesterday
Why it's like this and my under eye is looking so dark
I will peel the potatoes using this steel wool as some of them has a bad skin
I did change my top because I am cooking as later on will go to Tesco and I don't want my top to be smelly cuz I will wear it later
Lets go out..
to get the clothes
Did you open the door?
You lock it?
I gonna get the clothes
My battery is low thats why the recording has stopped
What I was saying is..I was talking to my idol sister Ann
He is  red..
he got sunburn
I have not!
How long is the tea?
5 minutes more it will be ready
I need to get thumbnail later on
You have to wait..
Thats the slave treatment!(kidding)
John:I wish you shut that door!
John: Have you got the bags?
I got 2 bags
Is it enough?
We don't need a lot
We need apple juice!We need everything
I thought we don't need a lot..
Where is my husband?
Hi Mary Ann
I was nice seeing you the other day on facebook
You look very much my Mia
No, you can't cut  it!
huuuuuuuun!!!
