What's up guys today Rei and I are going to show you how to make Pancit Canton!
Pancit Canton is a Filipino noodle dish that contains two types of noodles and is loaded with a variety of meats and vegetables.
To make our version of Pancit Canton, you'll first want to fully submerge one ounce worth of rice vermicelli noodles in some water.
This will allow the noodles to soften and be easier to work with come later. In the meantime,
you're going to want to prepare and blanch the vegetables.
In a new pot, pour in enough water to be able to boil your vegetables.
We recommend filling your pot to about 1/2 to 3/4 of the way full.
Then cover your pot and bring your water to a boil.
While it's getting to a boil. You also want to get a bowl of ice water ready for the second part of your blanching process.
When your water is at a boil go ahead and throw in half a cup of sliced celery,
1 cup of julienne cut carrots, and
2 and 1/2 cups of chopped cabbage.
Make sure your vegetables are submerged and allow them to boil for 2 minutes.
Next strain the vegetables from the pot and
then immediately throw them into the ice water to stop the vegetables from cooking any further.
Afterwards strain the vegetables one last time.
Once you're done just set your vegetables to the side for now.
Next you're gonna want to use a wok to stir-fry your pancit. First pour in about 2 to 3 tablespoons of oil. And
set your stove to medium heat.
Then toss in half a medium sliced onion.
Saute our onions until they're translucent and have a little give to them. And
then add in four cloves of minced garlic.
And saute them until you can smell that garlic aroma!
Afterwards throw in 1/4 of a pound of chicken thighs cut into strips.
Fry up chicken until they're fully cooked, making sure to flip them to get all the sides.
At this point lower your heat to medium-low and pour in 2 tablespoons of soy sauce.
And allow everything to simmer for about 2 minutes.
Then add in 1 tablespoon of oyster sauce and
one and a half cups of unsalted chicken stock.
Set your heat to medium and continue simmering everything for another ten minutes.
Next drop in 1/4 of a pound of peeled shrimp and simmer the shrimp for an additional two minutes.
While the shrimp are cooking strain the rice noodles that you soaked in water from earlier and break them up if they're still clumped together.
Once the shrimp are cooked, toss in 8 ounces of canton noodles.
Using 2 serving utensils, mix the noodles around and do your best to soak them into the liquid.
When the noodles look like they've absorbed a fair amount of liquid,
but are still somewhat stiff, go ahead and add in your rice vermicelli noodles. And
stir them in.
If you want, at this point, you can salt to taste. We skipped it just because it was already good.
Afterwards just add in 1/4 of a teaspoon of black pepper and mix it in.
Finally just drop in your vegetables from earlier. And
give it one final good mix. And
then you're done!
It's talagang tasty!
