Video ID: 3vouclvykqE
Title: Jeremy Scahill on Trump's Embrace of Duterte's Deadly War on Drugs in the Philippines

Transcript:
AMY GOODMAN: This is Democracy Now!, democracynow.org,
the War and Peace Report, I'm Amy Goodman
with Juan González.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: And welcome to all of our
listeners and viewers around the country and
around the world.
We begin today’s show looking at the Philippines,
where Filipino President Rodrigo Duterte has
been overseeing a bloody war on drugs.
Since last June, more than 7,000 people have
been extrajudicially killed by police or vigilantes.
Duterte has also suggested he might impose
martial law across the country, after first
declaring it this week in his native island
of Mindanao.
While human rights groups have condemned Duterte,
he has received backing from President Trump,
who recently invited him to visit the White
House.
Human Rights Watch slammed the invitation,
saying, quote, "By effectively endorsing Duterte’s
murderous 'war on drugs,' Trump has made himself
morally complicit in future killings."
Well, earlier this week, a transcript of the
call of Trump inviting Duterte to the White
House was leaked and published by The Intercept.
According to the leaked transcript, Trump
said, quote, "I just wanted to congratulate
you because I am hearing of the unbelievable
job on the drug problem.
Many countries have the problem, we have a
problem, but what a great job you are doing
and I just wanted to call and tell you that."
Duterte responded, quote, "Thank you, Mr.
President.
This is the scourge of my nation now, and
I have to do something to preserve the Filipino
nation."
Trump then responded, quote, "I understand
that and fully understand that, and I think
we had a previous president who did not understand
that, but I understand that, and we have spoken
about this before."
On May 1, White House Press Secretary Sean
Spicer was asked about Trump’s decision
to invite Duterte to the White House.
JOHN ROBERTS: Chris Coons said that the president
is giving his stamp of approval to human rights
abuses.
Governor John Sununu, on the other hand, said
this is part of the unpleasant things that
presidents have to do.
What’s the White House’s perspective on
Duterte and him coming here?
PRESS SECRETARY SEAN SPICER: I think it is
an opportunity for us to work with countries
in that region that can help play a role in
diplomatically and economically isolating
North Korea.
And frankly, the national interests of the
United States, the safety of our people and
the safety of people in the region are the
number one priorities of the president.
AMY GOODMAN: The leaked transcript of the
Trump-Duterte call does confirm North Korea
came up, but only after Trump praised the
Filipino president on waging his war on drugs.
During the call, Trump said, quote, "We have
a lot of firepower over there.
We have two submarines—the best in the world—we
have two nuclear submarines—not that we
want to use them at all."
Trump went on to say, "I’ve never seen anything
like they are, but we don’t have to use
this, but he could be crazy, so we will see
what happens," unquote.
Well, to talk more about Presidents Trump
and Duterte, we’re joined by Jeremy Scahill,
co-founder of The Intercept, host of the new
weekly podcast, Intercepted.
Jeremy recently co-wrote a three-part article
on the leaked call for The Intercept.
Jeremy, it’s great to have you with us here
at the SkyDome, where the Blue Jays play,
in Toronto, Canada, where we all participated
in a forum on journalism last night.
But talk about this really explosive exposé
that you did for The Intercept around Trump’s
phone call with Duterte.
JEREMY SCAHILL: Yeah, first of all, just to,
you know, establish what this is that we published,
this was a transcript from a phone call that
took place on April 29th between Trump and
Duterte.
And Trump initiated the call.
What we published was a Philippine government
document, a classified Philippine government
document.
So this was the transcript that Duterte’s
people made of his call with Trump.
The reason I emphasize that is because after
we published this, Matt Drudge put it at the
top of Drudge Report, and so we had an enormous
surge in traffic from many people who are
supporters of Donald Trump.
And we got bombarded, and Drudge got bombarded
with a boycott campaign from Trump supporters,
who were saying, "Whoever leaked this should
be prosecuted for treason.
And the journalists who published this should
be put in prison," which echoes what we know
Trump has sort of suggested in meetings, most
recently to James Comey right before he fired
him, the idea that journalists should be arrested.
This was not a U.S. government document.
Also, people were saying, "Oh, this is proof
that Obama left the White House bugged."
You know, it’s like they don’t understand
the basic fact of when two foreign leaders
are speaking, you know, there’s two sides
of this conversation.
So there we have it.
We have the phone conversation between these
two.
So—
AMY GOODMAN: How did you get it?
JEREMY SCAHILL: Well, we’re not going to
talk about sources or methods, as the U.S.
government likes to talk about.
All we’ll say is that we obtained it, and
both the White House and the Philippines government—well,
the Philippines government validated that
it is a legitimate document.
The White House said that the transcript was
accurate.
Now, what does that leave us with?
Well, it leaves us with the fact that Donald
Trump begins a phone call with Rodrigo Duterte,
who is one of the most unrepentant, murderous
heads of state in the world today, openly
brags about how he’ll give a pardon or immunity
to people who extrajudicially kill anyone
involved with the drug war.
And the dominant perception and the way that
this is portrayed by Duterte’s people is
that they’re just going after narcotraffickers.
In reality, many drug users have been assassinated
as part of this campaign.
Duterte actually enjoys a pretty wide base
of support in the Philippines, and he kind
of mixes in anti-imperialist, anti-colonialist
rhetoric with these very harsh policies.
He also is one of the few heads of state in
the world who will—you know, he regularly
swears.
I mean, he called Barack Obama things that
I can’t even say on this program, "the son
of a"—and then referenced his—as though
Obama’s mother had been a sex worker.
I mean, he’s, you know, calling the president
of the United States and saying, "I’m going
to divorce the United States and orient myself
toward China and Russia."
And he said that under Obama because Obama’s
administration criticized the tactics that
Duterte was using, the kind of paramilitary
gangster tactics that they were using.
And, you know, I think the most—not astonishing,
but the most relevant part of this is that
Trump knows all of that and, in fact, views
that as a positive thing.
So he calls Duterte and says to him, you know,
"Rodrigo, I just want to congratulate you
for the amazing job that you’re doing."
And the reason that we know it’s not just
kind of generic platitudes is because Trump
himself references in this call the fact that
his predecessor, Barack Obama, had said the
obvious, which is, you know, this is not right,
the way that this is being handled.
And, you know, the Obama administration had
a very hypocritical record on human rights,
but, as Allan Nairn has pointed out before,
hypocrisy has some virtue, in the sense that
at least they—you’re able to call them
out on it, because they say one thing but
mean another.
So the bottom line is, Trump calls Duterte
and says, "Great job.
Amazing job.
Obama didn’t—you know, he didn’t get
it.
I get it.
You have our full support.
You’re a good man."
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: Jeremy, I wanted to ask you—almost
as shocking as the call and the congratulations
from Trump was the other part of the discussion
about North Korea and Trump revealing to Duterte
and, obviously, to lots of folks in the Philippine
government about nuclear submarines of the
U.S. that are off the coast of North Korea.
JEREMY SCAHILL: Right.
I mean, well, first of all, we know that,
you know, Trump still continues to use an
insecure cellphone, that he tweets from, and
has brought that cellphone to the table on
classified discussions about North Korea.
He did it when Shinzo Abe was at Mar-a-Lago
with him, the Japanese leader.
There were photos of Trump’s cellphone.
His specific phone that he uses has been—already,
that phone, for years, it’s been known to
have been compromised by Chinese hackers.
So Trump is bringing this insecure phone to
meetings about North Korea.
Then he’s on the phone with Duterte last
month, and he says, "You know, we’ve got
these two nuclear subs near North Korea."
And he’s saying this to Duterte, who was
most certainly under surveillance by both
the North Koreans and the Chinese.
So anyone who says, "Oh, well, you guys revealed
this information," the most damaging revelation
of classified information happened when Donald
Trump told Duterte this.
And Duterte also is a clever operator when
it comes to China.
And he has called Vladimir Putin his hero.
But the most newsworthy aspect of that is
that—and I felt bad for you, Amy, having
to read those quotes from Trump, because when
you actually read his words and you’re not
Trump, it sounds like the garbled mess that
it actually is, because you don’t have the
inflection, and you’re not, you know, sniffling
and all these things.
But Trump tells Duterte about these submarines
off the coast, and he says, you know, "We’ve
got so much more firepower than North Korea.
At least 20 times more."
Twenty times?
The United States is known to have more than
6,000 nuclear warheads.
North Korea is believed to have around 10.
So Trump’s math was way off in that equation.
And some people were saying, "Oh, well, Trump
keeps saying, 'We don't want to use it.
We don’t want to use it.’"
That’s not what’s significant.
What’s significant is that Trump says, "This
is a madman.
We don’t know what he’s going to do.
We’d prefer not to go to war.
But who knows?"
That’s really frightening to hear from someone
who is in command of the most lethal and powerful
military in the world.
He also—and this is sort of sad, on one
level, but also frightening—he says, "Rodrigo,
let’s talk about Kim Jong-un.
Is he stable or unstable?"
Huh?
I mean, why is the president of the United
States asking Duterte about if Kim Jong-un
is unstable?
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: A man whose own stability
is in question, Duterte.
JEREMY SCAHILL: Right, right, of course.
I mean, this is three madmen that are in this
equation: Trump, Duterte and Kim Jong-un.
And I really don’t know which of these three
people is the sort of greater threat to civilization.
I mean, it’s probably Trump, but it’s—you
know, tough call.
AMY GOODMAN: Well, let’s go to some of the
clips of Duterte in his own words.
Last September, the Philippines president
likened himself to Hitler.
PRESIDENT RODRIGO DUTERTE: Hitler massacred
3 million Jews.
Now, there is 3 million—what is it?
Three million drug addicts, there are.
I’d be happy to slaughter them.
At least if Germany had Hitler, the Philippines
would have [me].
You know, my victims, I would like to be all
criminals.
AMY GOODMAN: Last fall, Duterte called then-President
Obama "son of a whore" and warned him not
to ask about his so-called drug war.
PRESIDENT RODRIGO DUTERTE: I am a president
of a sovereign state, and we have long ceased
to be a colony.
I do not have any master except the Filipino
people, nobody but nobody.
You must be respectful.
Do not just throw away questions and statements.
[translated] Son of a whore, I will swear
at you in that forum.
AMY GOODMAN: Before he was elected, Duterte
admitted he was linked to a death squad in
Davao.
He spoke on a local TV show in a mix of English
and Visayan.
MAYOR RODRIGO DUTERTE: [translated] Me.
They are saying I’m part of a death squad.
HOST: So, how do you react to that?
MAYOR RODRIGO DUTERTE: [translated] True.
That’s true.
You know, when I become president, I warn
you—I don’t covet the position, but if
I become president, the 1,000 will become
50,000. [in English] I will kill all of you
who make the lives of Filipinos miserable.
[translated] I will really kill you.
I won because of the breakdown in law and
order.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: Meanwhile, in December, Duterte
boasted about having personally killed criminal
suspects when he was mayor of Davao City.
The Manila Times reported he told a group
of business leaders in the Philippines capital,
quote, "In Davao, I used to do it personally—just
to show to the guys that if I can do it, why
can’t you?
And I’d go around in Davao with a motorcycle,
with a big bike around, and I would just patrol
the streets, looking for trouble also.
I was really looking for a confrontation,
so I could kill."
Jeremy—
JEREMY SCAHILL: I mean—
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: These comments from a president
of the Philippines.
JEREMY SCAHILL: Right.
Well, I mean, you know, those, of course,
are of a more serious nature than the kinds
of things that come out of Donald Trump’s
mouth, but they do have that in common, where,
you know, they’ll just sort of say what
they’re thinking.
And in a way, it’s refreshing, I guess,
because most world leaders try to cover up
the uncouth actions that they’re taking
in their countries.
What I think is really significant for people
to understand is that in the Hitler quote,
where Duterte is saying Germany had Hitler,
and, you know, he underestimates the number
of people that Hitler killed—you know, he
says 3 million—but he doesn’t say, "We
have 3 million narcotraffickers that I want
to kill."
He says, "We have 3 million addicts."
And that is—that’s the point here, is
that they are not going after the kind of,
you know, "Chapo" of the Philippines.
Many of the people that have been killed are
rank-and-file victims of a drug culture.
And that’s who’s paying the heaviest price
for all of this.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: I wanted to ask you about
something else in those transcripts: the short
discussion between Trump and Duterte toward
the end about China and Xi Jinping, the president
of China, that Trump said, "Oh, I met with
him at Mar-a-Lago.
He’s a really good guy."
JEREMY SCAHILL: Yeah.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: You know, this is after months
and months of Trump’s China bashing here
during the political campaign.
All of a sudden he seems to indicate that
he needs to rely on China, China is the critical
country in being able to keep North Korea
at bay.
JEREMY SCAHILL: Well, and, you know, that
has sort of—you know, under Obama, they
called the policy on North Korea "strategic
patience."
And I think that all serious observers of
Korea politics and the history of Korea know
that the North Korean regime is largely dependent
on China for basically its survival, in many
ways, in addition to the smuggling and organized
crime that the North Korean regime is involved
with.
But on a tactical level, Trump spends, you
know, a couple of days with Xi Jinping at
Mar-a-Lago, and then he’s saying to Duterte,
"Oh, we’ve got to get the Chinese to solve
the problem."
And Duterte’s like, "Oh, yeah, I’ll give
him a call."
It really shows how out of his depth Trump
is, as though he just heard, oh, maybe China
could do something about this.
I mean, it’s frightening when you’re talking
about the presence of nuclear weapons.
China plays the United States like a fiddle
all the time in international relations.
AMY GOODMAN: We just have 30 seconds before
we go to break, and then we’ll also be joined
by Glenn Greenwald, but—so, Duterte is coming
to the White House?
Is that clear?
JEREMY SCAHILL: Well, Donald Trump says to
him, you know, "Anytime you’re in Washington,
come by.
I would love to have you in the White House."
After we published this, Senator Lindsey Graham
said that he may join with Democrats who are
calling for Trump to postpone that trip, so
that they can discuss these issues.
And, I mean, I do think that what’s interesting,
he just declared martial law in the south
of the country, Duterte did, and he’s doing
it in the name of fighting terrorism.
That part of what Duterte is doing has long
been aided by the United States, the Joint
Special Operations Command, the CIA, military
intelligence.
The U.S. has poured resources into the Philippines
in the name of fighting Islamist rebels.
Duterte is now adopting that rhetoric, just
like Bush and Trump—you know, Obama had
different terms for it—are talking about
this fight.
In a way, it seems as though Duterte is outsmarting
Trump in terms of how this is all playing.
AMY GOODMAN: Jeremy Scahill is going to stay
with us, co-founder of The Intercept, host
of the new weekly podcast, Intercepted.
His most recent piece, we’ll link to, "Trump
Called Rodrigo Duterte to Congratulate Him
on His Murderous Drug War: 'You Are Doing
an Amazing Job.'"
Jeremy’s books include Blackwater: The Rise
of the World’s Most Powerful Mercenary Army,
more recently, The Assassination Complex:
Inside the Government’s Secret Drone Warfare
Program.
This is Democracy Now!
Back with Jeremy and Glenn Greenwald in a
moment.
