Video ID: 92rUJQFLbnI
Title: [REACT] Koreans try Filipino food "BANGUS & TILAPIA"

Transcript:
Hello guys!! how are you?!
Where are we right now?
It's your first time being in here
- Right
Yohan and I already...
- Dated here
We filmed a video here last new year's eve
- That one video without me that's disgusting
I use the photo as a wallpaper on my phone
- Stop lying
I forgot to bring my phone
- You always tell lies
Anyways, we came here to try Filipino food
On the menu for today is Bangus
- How did you know?
And Tilapia
- How did you know?
Because I'm the one who ordered it
I wanna' go home, I don't like seafood that much
- Yohan's not a fan of seafood
But you tried eating seafood before, you seem to like it
- I remembered, we tried this with Red Horse before
Right, but today it's cooked in a different way
Let's talk about that after we try it
- I already smell the scent of the food
Look at this bangus, it's surprisingly huge
It's bigger compared to the ones we tried before
- Isn't it there's something wrong about this?
It look like a baby shark
I cannot wait to eat it
- It looks like Min
It should be eaten with bare hands
- Open this pack first
Is it hot?
- No, it's just an overreaction
No, it's hot
- It was an overreaction too
What is this?
- Tilapia
Filipino people, they cook fish with scales on it
- Yes, you should tell them if you want
how about in Korea?
- They will remove the scales as soon as you buy the fish
I didn't know that, because I don't eat fish that often
- Me too
Are you ready?
- You go debone it
Am I?
You're the one who like to eat fish among us
Okay, I will debone it.. I will pretend that this is you
This is for Min
- I can't look at the head
The head is the most tasty part
- Okay, I will take it
How should I debone this?
- Just debone it by ourselves
This has a very high amount of meat in it
The fish is meaty
It has a lot of small bones
There are two kinds of fish, one came from the sea and one came from rivers
So where did this come from?
It's not important to eat
- I will find out after tasting it, fish from sea is naturally salty
Uhmmmmm... it's better than I expected
It seems like it has fishy smell, but it doesn't
It tastes good
I could even swallow the bone
What is this called again?
Bangus Min
I never seen bangus this huge before
Maybe someone keep this one as a pet before
????
I already found out where this bangus came from, it's from the river
Because it's not that salty
I'm telling the truth, that fishes from the sea are naturally salty
Korean people, they don't like to eat burnt parts... but Filipino people loves to eat it
I see... the inside of the bangus has some veggies in it
Tomatoes and onions
Please debone the tilapia
Okay, I will pretend this one is you
It looks like that it's still alive
you try this first (it kinda' looked like undercooked)
It's good, it's very tender
I can tell that the bangus tastes like Mackerel 
And tilapia tastes like a cutlassfish
Why?
- The texture is tender
Tilapia is one of my favorite food
You know that Japan is a island? and Philippines is an island too... and Korea is a country surrounded by sea
Japanese and Korean people likes sashimi (Raw fish) but Filipino people...
That's the most tasty part (Fish bone)
- And use it as a comb
Filipino people are not a big fan of eating raw fish
I thought Asian people that lives on an island loves raw fish
They prefer grilled fish
Only Korea and Japan prefer raw fish
Want me to stoke your hair with the fish bone?
I don't need rice, the fish already makes me feel full
This meaty bangus makes me feel full
Don't you have any Filipino food that you wanna' try?
I want to try Balut again, we tried it before but Yohan & I failed to eat it
But now, I'm certain that I'm ready to try it
Really? I could get you one right now
Okay, promise first
I mean... not eating it whole, just try as much as I can
- you should eat, our viewers will surely love it
But..it's... okay I will try
Look at Yohan, he can barely eat the fish
I want to try the blood stew
Cow's blood?
- Pork's blood
I want to try
You will join us, right?
- No
have you tried Sun-Ji soup? (Korean cow's blood stew)
- Nope
You're so picky
- Okay, I will bring balut tomorrow
Okay, Min will try balut and Yohan will try the Pork blood stew
I can try both of them
- Honestly, balut is too hard to try for me
Don't disappoint our viewers
You mean... you don't like Filipino food?
- No, I didn't mean it
I want to try it but.. I'm not sure if I could eat eat
- So... you mean, you don't like to eat Filipino food?
If you didn't mean it, eat balut then
- This is Filipino food and I'm eating it right now
Okay, I will
By the way, is there still a food we haven't yet here in the Philippines?
Yes, our long-time viewers still recommend some food that we never heard before
We need to look deeper for local cuisines
I want a food trip to a local
The local food should be tried on that particular area
How about sisig? before we talked about going there
Okay, next stop should be there
- Okay
Is there bangus in Korea?
This...
- Is your brain stop working?
Gray Mullet?, it's not.. I have no idea
I can confidently tell you
I don't know
We're done eating the fishes that I don't even know the name
Bangus and tilapia
What is it called in Korea?
I told you, I have no idea... I still don't know what is it called in Korea
Don't worry, our viewers will let us know
In Korean?
I forgot, we are Korean
Anyways, I love bangus... but tilapia is not my type of taste
Both of them are not my type, but if I have to choose one.. it's bangus
What I like is the texture of tilapia
The taste is like croaker
- Yes, I think so
Anyways, I prefer meat than fish
Our video is not done, we should try the next food
- Crispy pata
It's for the next video
Okay, it's for the next one
Okay, today's video is done
