Video ID: Eo4HBgsItcU
Title: Pork Belly Lechon Traditional Filipino Food Challenge!!

Transcript:
Hey everybody this is Randy Santel
"Atlas" It is day 3 here in the
Philippines. I'm going for my fourth win in the
Philippines, and overall win number 673. I
am with my friends Zarkman, and we've
got Conrad over here. We are in Antipolo,
Rizal, of the Philippines. We're at
Hallie's Restobar taking on their
brand-new Lechon Belly Challenge. Now
we've got 30 minutes to finish. This is a
traditional Filipino meal. We've got one
kilogram of pork lechon belly, and I hear
the skin is very thick so this is going
to be enjoyable treat, then we've got two
cups of white rice. We've got Chop Suey
here and then we've got a bowl of dinuguan, which I think is pig blood soup or
something like that. That's gonna be fun,
and then we've got about 300 grams of
tawilis which are a fish that's fried,
and you just kind of eat them whole.
We've got 30 minutes. If we fail, it's going to be around 1300
Philippine pesos which is around
$25. If we win the challenge, we'll get
our meals free. We'll get sweet t-shirts
and we'll be hopefully the second, third,
and fourth people up on the wall of fame.
Are you guys ready? Yes! Let's get this challenge started!
Alright very excited to eat with this guy, Mr. Kelvin Zarkman. He's been following our
channel for a long time. Great to finally
meet him and then we've got Conrad,
these guys both have done a lot of
challenges all around the Philippines so
lets eat! This challenge is brand new, just started
tonight, but our friend Magic Mitch, he
completed the challenge right before us
in 21 minutes and 10 seconds, so we're
going to try to beat him, but we've got
30 minutes, so let's shut up and eat! 1, 2, 3. . . Boom! Alright now this is a
liver sauce to eat with the pork
lechon belly so I'm going to do that
and maybe have some with the rice too
but let's eat! (crowd cheering)
7 minutes and 24 seconds in. The
pork lechon belly is very high in fat
so it's very delicious, and it's tender
also, but now I'm going to switch over to
having some of these, we've got 300 grams of tawilis, which apparently they're fish
that's already gutted and fried so you
can just eat them whole, I'm gonna have this
with the soup here!
[Guy in Crowd] "No more talking."
Ha!
I've got enough subscribers telling me that!
Alright 14 minutes 15 seconds. That pork
lechon belly was delicious! I got the
rice done as well, now it's time to
finish the rest of these tawilis.
I've had balut while here, I've had fish
eyes, weird. I've had quek quek and a
whole bunch of other things, so I can
finish these. We'll get these down, then
finish this!
Hey everybody watching, I really
appreciated it!  Feel free to watch more of
our videos, everything is "Randy Santel"
but gonna finish the rest of this off.
This food here at Hallie's is delicious!
Alright now it's time for the dinuguan
which is like a pig blood soup
Let's eat... tastes better than it sounds!
These are gonna be hot.
We have nine minutes left!
Finishing off with some healthy
vegetables, delicious chop suey!
A delicious lechon belly challenge! We still have a little less than six minutes to
go though, so let's go Zarkman and
then let's go Conrad, keep it up! Let's go!
Great to eat with these guys, what'd you think of the meal? I need more beer! Haha. I need more beer.
Yeah, we'll have some beers afterwards. My first time
having a big one kilo serving of pork
lechon belly, I loved that.  Probably the
last time I'll have that soup but I'm
glad I got to try it! I did enjoy those
tawilis, those were cool and then
the Chop Suey was awesome and the liver
sauce was everything was great! it was
overall win number 673, win number four in
the Philippines. Big thanks to these guys. To celebrate,
we've got a red horse beer, made here in the Philippines! Thank you guys all for watching, and thank you for watching too!!
