Video ID: gu3UXQ57Ixc
Title: Top 5 Filipino Fiesta Food that you MUST TRY!

Transcript:
Hello there, and welcome to Foodie Legends,
your go to source for the best foods to eat
around the world and their history.
In our last video, we concluded our Japanese
Culinary Trilogy, and now it’s time to fly
to other parts of the world.
But before we dive in, we are very thankful
for the support that you guys are giving to
our channel.
For those who didn’t, well- Just kidding.
But, don’t forget to hit the Subscribe and
Notification Bell, so you guys can catch up
to our latest food journeys.
Without anything further to do, let’s go!
Coming in number one on our list is a delicacy
that is synonymous with Philippines itself:
the lechon.
A Filipino fiesta is not complete without
a whole pig slowly roasting over live charcoal,
slowly rotating with its oil falling over
the blazing flames, creating a crackling sound.
The lechon is the centerpiece of every Filipino
home during all kinds of celebrations.
It is indeed the greatest flex, to see the
newly-roasted pig at the central part of the
table, surrounded with other dishes.
Lechon, or sometimes pronounced as “litson”
has a colorful history.
Although its name was derived from the Spanish
dish of the same name, it is believed that
the Filipino lechon had pre-Hispanic roots.
Pigs are one of the first domesticated animals
of the Austronesians, a group of people that
spread to Oceania and Asia.
While the Spanish lechon favors the suckling
pig for its softer meat, most lechoneros in
the Philippines use older pigs because the
huge size can feed a lot of mouths.
Meanwhile, suckling pigs are still used in
Filipino lechon, and it’s called the “lechon
de leche”.
Regardless, as time passed by, “lechon”
in the Philippines refers to all roasted pigs
in general, or other types of meat cooked
with the same methods.
There are two schools of thought on cooking
lechon, the Luzon Lechon and the Visayas Lechon,
with supporters of each cooking style debating
on what is the superior way of cooking lechon.
Visayas lechon is roasted pig stuffed with
herbs and spices, such as onions, bayleaves,
black peppercorn, garlic, scallions, salt,
and lemongrass, which are the signature spices
of the critically-acclaimed Cebu lechon.
A variant of Visayas lechon from Iloilo stuffed
their pigs with a special fruit named “Batuan”
which gives the meat a subtle hint of sweet
and sour flavors.
On the other hand, Luzon lechon is more straightforward
on its preparation.
Luzon lechon is not typically not flavored
with herbs, but Luzon lechoneros favor the
classic salt and pepper rub, coating the inside
of the pig with this mixture, and usually
cooked over wood fire.
While its flavor is more basic compared to
Visayas lechon, what makes Luzon lechon stand
out is its accompanying lechon sauce, which
is made of mashed liver or liver spread, vinegar,
brown sugar, garlic and onions, and breadcrumbs.
This serves as the dipping sauce for the lechon,
giving it a deep taste.
Some lechoneros prefer to combine both styles,
and the more maverick lechoneros even stuff
their lechon with seafood and sausages.
The possibilities are endless!
But the greatest attraction towards lechon
relies on its shiny reddish-brown skin.
It is a great delight to see the knife penetrate
the skin, which shatters like glass and is
as crispy as chicharon when eaten, while the
tender juicy pork meat waits underneath.
Coming in number two on our list is a descendant
of the trading history Philippines had with
the ancient Chinese dynasties, the Pancit.
Filipinos love their noodles so much because
it is a delicious dish to have during fiestas.
In fact, a fiesta in the Philippines is not
complete without the controversial “Filipino
spaghetti” known for its unusually sweet
and sour flavor profile and hotdog toppings,
and the more traditional pancit, which comes
in many forms.
Pancit is a staple dish in fiestas not only
because it is a tasty dish, but a lot of older
Filipinos believe that pancit is lucky and
it gives long life because…well, pancit
basically is long noodles.
This beloved noodle dish was brought to the
country by Chinese immigrants who moved to
the country and established various “Chinatowns”,
places known for their lively culture and
wide variety of food choices.
The term pancit was derived from Philippine
Hokkien, a dialect of Hokkien language from
China, and spoken as a vernacular language
by the Chinese-Filipino community.
Pancit literally means “noodle” or “convenient
food”, and both are accurate descriptions
of the dish.
Easy to prepare and delicious to eat, it is
no wonder why pancit is a regular part of
the fiesta menu.
There are multiple ways of cooking pancit,
and there are various types of noodles that
you can use for this dish such as the thick
canton noodles, the bihon or vermicelli noodles,
lomi, miki, sotanghon, and a lot, lot more.
You can cook pancit as a stir-fry, guisado,
a soup, or just as a crispy treat!
There are various toppings too such as braised
meat chopped in pieces, seafood, chicharon,
and vegetables.
Filipinos love pancit so much that they even
mix it with their rice, although in essence,
pancit is already a complete meal on its own.
Pancit is a dish that has Chinese origins,
but became a unique Filipino dish on its own.
Coming in number three in our list is a dish
that may seem familiar to you, but is actually
surprisingly different from what you know:
the menudo.
Nope.
Not that Menudo.
Let’s try it a second time.
Well, almost, but not quite that menudo.
Now, that’s what we’re talking about.
Menudo is a Filipino dish that can find its
roots from a historical and culinary connection
it used to have with Mexico.
Yes, you heard that right.
How could two countries on opposite sides
of a wide ocean have an ancient connection?
Well, the Philippines and Mexico used to have
a tight connection, in a time when both countries
were colonies of the Spanish Empire.
Mexico was one of the most important colonies
of Spain at the time, to the point that Mexico
and its surrounding regions were actually
called “Nueva Espana”, or New Spain.
From 1565 to 1815, the Philippines was ruled
by the Viceroy of Nueva Espana for the Spanish
crown.
That is 250 years, basically the majority
of the Spanish rule in the country.
Eventually, Mexico revolted against its Spanish
masters and gained its independence.
From that time up to the Filipino Revolution
against Spain, the Philippines was directly
under the control of the Spanish crown and
the Mexican-Filipino connection was halted.
Despite the end of this cultural and political
bridge between the two nations, Mexico left
a lasting mark in Filipino cuisine.
A lot of beloved ingredients in Filipino dishes
actually came from Mexico such as achuete,
chayote, cocoa, chilis, and the most remarkable
of all: tomatoes.
The Philippine menudo differs greatly from
the Mexican version of the dish.
Mexican menudo is a soup, while Filipino menudo
is a stew dish.
Mexican menudo is made of tripe boiled in
a chili-powder base broth spiced with various
herbs, while Filipino menudo is cheap cuts
of meat stewed in a tomato-base sauce and
filled with vegetables like potatoes, carrots,
raisins, and red and green bell peppers.
Both menudos are red, but that’s where the
similarities end.
Unlike the Mexican menudo, Philippine menudo
is sweet and quite salty, stewed for a long
time until the meat almost melts in your mouth,
its red gravy thick and good over a steaming
plate of rice.
Next to pancit, menudo is the universally
served dish in fiestas, because it only uses
very affordable cuts of meat, and the other
ingredients used are very inexpensive.
The meat is cubed to smaller pieces, and the
eater is in a hunt for these chunks in a sea
of tomato-based gravy, potatoes, and carrots.
Because of its thick body, menudo is a very
filling dish, so be careful on eating too
much of this bad boy, if you want to eat a
hundred more of the fiesta delights.
Coming in number four on our list is a great
example of the Filipino instinct not to waste
any part of what they are cooking on: the
Igado.
As what we have said before on our list, cooking
a lechon is a huge affair in fiestas.
Early in the morning, the pig that will be
roasted is already slaughtered, its body cleaned
and the organs removed.
But do you ever wonder what happened to the
offal?
Various cooks in the Philippines made attempts
to find ways to utilize the parts of the pig
that are usually judged to be undesirable.
The challenge is not only to not let these
parts be wasted; the cook must also make this
new dish delicious and palatable for those
who are strangers to such ingredients.
Igado is one prime product of such philosophy.
Igado is a pork liver dish originating from
the Ilocos Region of the Philippines, a place
known for their frugal yet delicious approach
to cooking, which shows well in this dish.
Its defining ingredient is the pig’s liver,
mixed with the innards and some tenderloin.
The liver is sliced into small pieces and
must be carefully cooked to prevent it from
becoming too tough, then vegetables like green
peas, carrots, potatoes, and bell peppers
are added.
Its sauce is made of a soy sauce-vinegar combination,
although some people add a small amount of
tomato sauce or tomato paste for a reddish
color.
Regardless of what angle you take, igado is
a delicious mainstay in fiestas because you
don’t have to shop for more meat for ingredients.
You can only get what is not used from the
pig for your igado.
Very easy and very yummy.
Coming in number five on our list is probably
one of the most usual dishes you can see in
a fiesta, arguably even more so than the lechon:
lumpia.
Lumpia is the ultimate fiesta food, because
it is not only delicious, but so portable
and easy to carry around that some partygoers
actually have plastic bags ready to sneak
some of these bad boys away from the party.
Lumpia is a type of spring rolls that are
common in Filipino and Indonesian cuisine.
Filipino lumpia was brought to the Philippines
by Hokkien immigrants and Fujian traders between
900 and 1565 AD, during the pre-colonial period.
Compared to the Chinese spring roll, lumpia
has a thinner wrapper, almost like a crepe
in its flatness.
Because of its versatility, lumpia wrapper
can be used to wrap different types of ingredients,
let it be sweet or savory.
This may include sweet and caramelized bananas
which are known as “turon”, mung bean
sprouts, carrots and chayote, turnips, and
a lot more.
In fiestas and celebrations, there are two
variants of lumpia that are widely favored
by cooks and eaters alike: Lumpiang Shanghai
and Lumpiang Sariwa.
Lumpiang Shanghai is the most fundamental
form of lumpia, and the most popular too.
Despite its name, Lumpiang Shanghai did not
originally come from Shanghai or China.
Lumpiang Shanghai is the Philippines’s answer
to the Mexican taquito or flauta, and the
two dishes look like twins.
The older version of lumpia’s wrapper was
made from masa, a type of Spanish corn flour
used on tortillas, until Chinese migrants
introduced their own wrapper that they use
in their spring rolls.
From then on, cooks prefer the thinner wrapper
for preparing Lumpiang Shanghai: a dish influenced
I hope you enjoyed this video and got a nice
taste into the interesting foods that Filipino
fiestas have to offer!
Before you go, be sure to LIKE this video
and CLICK THE SUBSCRIBE BUTTON for more delicious
content every week!
We’d love to hear your thoughts too, so
leave a comment below to let us know what
your favorite part of the video was or if
you want to just leave us with a few thoughts!
You guys are awesome, thanks again for watching,
See you on the next one!
