Video ID: n1jPXONfxjI
Title: REACTING TO FILIPINO FOOD//How to eat rice with HANDS? #Kamayan//How to speak CHINESE?// 用手食飯？菲律賓早餐？

Transcript:
Hey guys! This is Jessica!
Welcome to my channel!
Hello, this is Jessica! Welcome to my channel! (in Tagalog)
So today video is going to be about
Trying Filipino typical breakfast
And I'm going to try a Filipino style of eating as well
which is called "Kamayan"
Kamayan is a word in Filipino means
"By hand"
Therefore, I will not use any forks
spoons, chopsticks whatever
to have my meal today and
I'm going to do this Kamayan challenge right now
I'm going to teach y ou how to speak in some Chinese words as well
If you don't want to miss out anything just keep watching!
I haven't eaten my breakfast for today
So this is my first meal of the day
Let's see what we've got here on the table
First, here are some tomatoes, vinegar
and ketchup
For the main dish, we've got two hot dogs and two tuyo fish
and
a plate of rice
I have never tried eating a meal with just my bare hands
and let's get started
It feels so strange to eat at the camera with hands
let's start with the tomato
Taste like tomato lol
I don't know what are the vinegar and ketchup use for
So let's start with the hot dog right now
It is so red as you can see, I'm going to have a bite of it first
I think the hot dog has a little bit of smoked taste.
Is it smoked, mommy?
I quite like the texture of it because the outer skin is quite crunchy and inside is quite soft
And it tastes good with ketchup and rice
Okay, my mom just told me that I should eat the rice with this
How?
It is falling apart!!
Now let's try the tuyo fish
let me show you the fish
So it is a dried fish
from head to tail
So I can eat every part of the fish?
No? My mom told me to remove the skin first
Removed the skin and it got nothing inside
Ah
When you remove the skin you can see the meat inside
Okay
It tastes salty and it smells
like fish lolololol
I don't know how to describe the smell of it, but it doesn't smell bad
dip it into the vinegar
My mom is shaking her head like
Because she said no don't eat it like that.
She said that I should tear off the meat
Here is it , the fish tastes so yummy with the tomato. I like it!
Another bite!
How to say "fish" in Chinese?
In Chinese, if you want to say "fish", it's called
And
dip
The fish into the vinegar and put it with the rice
In Chinese, we say "rice" is
And if you want to say yummy
in Chinese
you can say
This rice is Ho Sik. This fish is Ho Sik like that.
So that's all for today's video,
I hope you enjoyed watching it
And remember the Chinese word that I have said
If you have any more Filipino culture that you would like me to try in the future, just comment below!!
Don't forget to subscribe, share, like and comment my videos and channel!
because every each of you are very very
Important to me and i'll see you on next Tuesday. Bye bye!
You
