 
One of the iconic dishes of Max’s.
One of the iconic dishes of Max’s.
The Filipino Classic Fried Chicken.
I have this ritual whenever I go to Max’s.
I call this the Holy Trinity of sauces.
This is the banana ketchup.
I’m gonna add some worcestershire in there, some hot sauce.
Go get in there.
So I’m gonna put it on your chicken.
Aaaaah!!!
Okay just to try it first.
So I’m just gonna like spread it out.
Wooh!
Mmm…
Yeah, that’s good!
Welcome to Max’s restaurant Singapore!
This is where most Filipino’s gather over nostalgic foods that bring us comfort and so many good memories.
Today, I invited Singapore’s Miss World 2017 Laanya Ezra Asogan
To feast on some of my favorite dishes like Max’s style Fried Chicken.
Lumpiang Shanghai.
Pork Ribs Adobo.
Daing na Bangus.
Sizzling Tofu.
Pork Rib Sinigang.
Buko Pandan and lots more.
It’s going to be a full-on Max’s feast!
Let’s go!
Alright, so we pretty much ordered the entire menu.
Almost the entire menu, maybe half.
I have here Ms. Laanya.
You’ve tried Filipino food before?
Yes, I have.
Funny enough, I’ve actually been to Manila.
I can’t remember on the top of my head.
But my favorite dish is actually the sweet spaghetti, the sweet spaghetti that you guys make.
That to me is comfort food.
That is very rare.
Really?
Because like most foreigners would like be disgusted. (Why is it sweet?!!)
Nooo!!!
It is chef’s kiss
I know the you guys do it in…
Jollibee.
Yes!
It’s so good to me!
You mentioned that you have already seen Adobo, but you haven’t tasted it yet.
No.
This is actually the pork version.
Adobo technically means marinade or it’s like the process of cooking it with vinegar.
Vinegar is really important.
When the Chinese came, we used soy sauce that’s why it’s dark.
So it’s the vinegar soy sauce kind of combo.
Collaboration.
Correct!
That’s what we do.
So that’s Pork Ribs Adobo.
Then we have here another pork dish, we call it Pork Sinigang.
Sinigang is like a tamarind based soup.
So it’s kind of like tart with tomatoes, eggplant, okra, green beans and kangkong.
There’s some radish in there.
So that’s a sour soup.
Yep!
Okay, so I’ve never had sour soup in my life.
I don’t know I’m not very fond of the idea of it.
It’s gonna go well with heavy dishes.
Okay, so now we have here what we call Pancit Canton.
Pancit is noodles and Canton is like the Cantonese style like the yellow noodles.
Okay, so now we have here what we call Pancit Canton.
Pancit is noodles and Canton is like the Cantonese style like the yellow noodles.
Common in a Filipino Chinese cuisine.
Just put a lot of ingredients there, some vegetables, shrimp some fish balls.
Something like that.
The next dish, we have here in Singapore the Popiah.
This is the Filipino Chinese version which is called Lumpia.
It’s Lumpiang Sariwa.
Sariwa means fresh.
The palm tree, there’s a vegetable from there that’s called palm of heart.
That’s the filling in there along with other vegetables.
There’s this sweet gravy sauce with some peanuts on top.
Really good appetizer.
So Filipino Chinese.
Another Filipino Chinese dish.
Like the Spring Roll.
So it’s fried, there’s ground pork with some veggies in there.
What makes it Filipino is instead of dipping it in sweet chili like the Chinese do.
We dip it in banana ketchup or any types of ketchup.
What ketchup?!
Banana ketchup.
This is banana ketchup.
I’m so curious, can I just like take my fork and just try.
Go ahead.
I’ve never had banana ketchup in my life.
What?!
This is so good!
I can’t really taste the banana, but this is so interesting.
This is a bestseller here at Max’s restaurant which is my all-time favorite.
We call it Sizzling Tofu which has I think mayonnaise, maybe oyster sauce in there.
And it’s like Tahu Goreng, it’s deep fried.
And then again, one of the iconic dishes of Max’s which is the Filipino Classic Fried Chicken.
It’s really simple but it’s really classic.
Like this is my childhood favorite dish.
And again, we eat it with banana ketchup.
And then the last here.
Are you familiar with the Peranakan vegetable called Chap Chye?
Chap Chye, yeah!
Filipino Chinese again, we call it Chapsuey.
Chapsuey.
Yes.
Stir-fried vegetables.
There’s celery.
What is sayote?
It’s okay, someone will google It.
Okay.
There’s cauliflower.
There’s some pork liver in there.
Green beans and some carrots.
And pork is really flavorful.
I love pork girl.
I’m really amazed that you can eat anything too.
I would like to give myself a free spirit.
I don’t want to tie myself down to a lot of things, so I like to enjoy the simple things in life.
Except for insects, I don’t do insects.
Okay.
There is no insects here.
If you told me we would eat insects, I would be like bye!
Finally, the Fried Milkfish, we call it Bangus.
I’m not sure if it’s marinated like that.
Marinated in vinegar and then deep fried to a crisp.
It looks really good I’m not gonna lie.
Oh and by the way, we eat everything with rice.
Noodles with rice?
Noodles with bread as well.
Really?
Carb on carb.
Carb on carb?!
Okay let’s start.  -Where do we start?
Lumpiang Sariwa.
Ready?
Cheers!
The vegetable, is still very crunchy.
Yeah, it’s good!
The wrap is so smooth.
Smooth right.
Super smooth, it melts in your mouth and then you get the crunch of the vegetable.
And the sauce is nice and sweet.  -Sweet and garlicy.
It’s a good combination.
You like it?
It tastes like a fruit I’m not gonna lie.
It tastes almost like an apple.
If you ask me.  -Kind of yeah.
Next, I think the easiest to pick is the Spring Roll.
The pork that is minced, it’s so soft so tender.
So well-seasoned.
It’s like present in Filipino feast or what we call Fiesta, Birthday celebrations, Christmas.
Lumpia is just the easiest way to you know share.
This is actually really good.
I don’t know what the standard is but it seems like this is…
Hi! Would you like to sit on my lap?
You might want to try this., we call it Atchara.
Atchara?
In Peranakan, it’s like Achar or in Singapore, right?
Yes.
This is Atchara.
I’m gonna try some Atchara.
Do you like Atchara?
Achar, Atchara.
Mmm!
This is definitely different from the normal Achar that I have.
So sweet, crunchy.
But I’m used to having cucumbers in there, a little bit more pickled as well.
But this one it doesn’t look like it’s been tossed in too much vinegar.
Yeah x3.
This is rice.
She’s telling me, Auntie this is rice.
They usually call me sister, but you can call me Auntie.
Let's try the Pork Ribs Adobo
There’s bone in there right?  -Yeah.
Rib cheers!
Mmm!
This is really interesting.
Have you had any braised pork dish before?
I have had braised pork, usually it’s fried.
I don’t taste the vinegar that much.
I think I might prefer if it was sweeter in general, but it’s nice.
I’m tyring to be cautious. I’m trying to like manage my waistline situation but.
What you do is you get some of the soup first.
That’s sour.
It’s sour.
Oh that pork, look at how it just comes off.
Really tender. And some kangkong as well.
Well the kangkong is a little bit stubborn.
Makes so much sense with the rice.
I’m so sorry I shouldn’t be talking with my mouth full but..
That pork is so tender.
Perfect balance with the rice.
The rice absorbs that soup.
Now I’m convinced
I used to like vegetables, I got to eat more vegetables, I got to love them.
I like how all the vegetables stay fresh.
What is this magical stuff.
So this is Sago and Gulaman.
Sago is the pearls and Gulaman are like the jellies.
And there’s supposed to be some Arnibal in there.
Arnibal is like Gula Melaka.
I think you gotta try the milkfish.
Oh look at that!
It should be boneless.
It’s boneless?
Oh it’s deboned.
That is amazing.
Why doesn’t everybody just do that for us.
Mmm…
That’s interesting.
No need to dip it in vinegar.
No.
Because the vinegar.  -It’s full of flavor already.
And some fat in there.
I have to get that fat.
Yeah.
Cheers!
Oh!
She knows!
We usually have it for breakfast with garlic.   -For breakfast?
Yeah with garlic rice, salted egg, fried egg or sunny side up egg.   -Make sense.
This is tasty, definitely a light-er meal.
It's is deboned, that’s the best part.
This is tasty, definitely a light-er meal.
It's is deboned, that’s the best part.
You said it looks like Hokkien Mee.
We call it Pancit Canton, we love it and we have an instant version of it.
But this one is the fresh version.
First things first, we have to squeeze calamansi.
Okay.
Taste like there’s some chicken broth in there.
Taste so much like, have you had Hong Kong noodles? Yeah?
Kinda like that yeah.
I’m on point today.
As you can tell I google a lot.
Love the flavor.
And you would think that there’s too many ingredients in here that it might overwhelm the taster.
But so far it’s been a good balance.
It’s really nice.
Do you eat liver?
No.
Okay, I’m no gonna ask you to try it.
But you can make me try it.
And you can get my live reaction.
Are you ready for this?
I know you can do it.
I’m gonna have it with you.
Gizzard cheers!
Not so bad I guess.
It’s okay.
You know when I taste liver or the innards for me there’s always this very like prominent flavor.
This one doesn’t have that because it’s well seasoned and cooked together properly.
So it taste like chicken.
I think we can move on with the Chapsuey.
So how would you best recommend that I eat this one?
Again with rice.
Yeah.
That’s really good sauce.
I want to have more of the sauce actually.
When the vegetable is cooked in any type of sauce and remain crunchy.
That is when you know that it’s a good vegetable dish.
10 dollars for a huge serving like this.
I would come here if I was on a diet, but I’m not on a diet today.
I would have this.
It’s so good.
This is I think the 8th dish, the Sizzling Tofu.
I’m gonna give you some of it.
What is that mayonnaise?
There’s mayonnaise, maybe some oyster sauce in there, chilles.
Oh I’m gonna try it.
Perfect amount.
This is so good. It’s not spicy though.
This is good.
And the mayonnaise is not overwhelming.
I could see myself eating this as a side dish.
What’s your favorite chicken part?
I want to say chicken breast but it’s not.
I know it’s healthy but I love the drums.
Just go for it.
I love chicken skin.
Who doesn’t?
I don’t know I just have to put it out there.
Oh!
Here we go.
Just look at that.
Not too thick and crisp, that’s nice.
I know what l like about Max’s chicken, it’s not overwhelming.
When you have so much oil it gets Jelak(cloying).
It’s not Jelak.
Hey, you’re the Singaporean.
I’m a Singaporean but I also have a mind block situation right now you know.
I have this ritual whenever I go to Max’s.
I call this the Holy Trinity of sauces.
This is the banana ketchup.
I’m gonna add some worcestershire in there, some hot sauce.
Go, get in there.
So I’m gonna put it on your chicken.
Aaaaah!!!
Okay just to try it first.
I’m just gonna like spread it out.
Wooh!
Mmm…
Yeah, that’s good!
Alright, so time for dessert.
We’re gonna try the Buko Pandan with Coconut, there’s Sago in there.
Oh the ice cream is coconut.
It’s coconut.
You were right.
Yes!
Oh my.
This is straight up brings me home.
It’s not too much and the ice cream is so fresh.
And that Pandan flavor actually balances the flavor of the coconut ice cream.
It’s so good!
The word is, Mr. Cameraman here says this is his favorite dessert.
And she says it’s everybody’s favorite dessert when they come into Max’s restaurant.
Gulaman.
Wow!
So good!
I would come here for dessert.
Just dessert alone.
I’m gonna have one more.
You still have, you got to save for the Halo-Halo.
Okay, please take this away from me.
The Ube Decadence.
Ube is basically like purple yam.
Have you had it before?
I’ve never had purple yam before.
I’ll leave it to you to break it open.  -Okay.
Wow!
So is it supposed to be on one side.
Yeah.
Okay.
this is like a pudding.
Kind of like a pudding, yes.
Interesting.
Is that milk pudding?
I think so right?
The minute you bite into it, it just dissolves in your mouth.
Gives it a nice little, you know like a bean paste texture.
Kind of like bean paste, yes I get it.
The yam is not too sweet, because the sweetness comes from the pudding itself.
Now you got try the Leche Flan.
It sounds like a Spanish dessert.
Because Leche means milk so it’s like caramel custard kind of like creme brulee.
Look at that.
Wow that is rich.
That feels like condensed milk in a little pudding.
It taste like Indian sweets.
If you’ve got like an extreeemely sweet tooth, this dessert is for you.
This is a quintessential dessert that we bring to Fiestas again, to Birthdays.
Placed in a Llanera.
It’s a sharing dessert.
Yeah, and we usually have itlike small bites.
It’s meant to be like that.
Rich and sweet.
Ah yes!
Here we have the superstar!
The much praised about.
Halo Halo.
So Halo means mix which is mix mix.
You have to mix it first before you eat it.
So how do I go? Where do I go? Where do I start?
You just need to break the ice on the edges.
Oh, you can see the flan in there as well.
So this is the ube, the purple yam.
This is a ube ice cream, there’s shredded cheese on top.
There’s mung bean, sago, jellies, leche flan.
It’s a tasty dessert.
The ice, the liquid that comes with it is not as sweet as the toppings, which is a good balance.
So this is the most similar to ice kacang here in Singapore.
Yep!
When you’re going to have these kind of desserts, you need to have them immediately.
Once it starts melting it becomes  little bit messy.
We usually scoop it from the bottom and mix it all up.
Is this a sharing dessert as well?
Could be, yeah.
You can eat it alone if you want to.
Everyone’s doing it alone.
But you know what I can have alone though.
I told you that’s our favorite.
And I’m serious.
Can I just say, out of all the desserts that I’ve had.
You know which one is my favorite.
At first I was like yeah yeah it’s going to be the Halo Halo.
But nobody told me about this.
Don't hide it from us.
The next time you guys come to Max’s restaurant, you need to have this.
Can i take this to go?
Okay cool.
It was absolutely delicious, the Leche Flan maybe a little bit too much.
I don’t like the overwhelming sweetness.
I like a good balance when it’s coconut ice cream that’s fresh.
I like to like slow down with my desserts you know what I’m saying.
Yeah it’s really good.
It’s nicer when it’s more liquidy for myself.
The milk yam dessert is very tasty.
I like the fact that the yam gave good balance to the pudding.
But I think these three desserts are for sharing.
Well you can eat it on your own.
Thank you very much.
Does anybody want to share?
No.
Okay cool, because I wasn’t going to.
No one would dare to.
So the clear winner dishes for you are Pork Rib Adobo.
And for the dessert is the Buko Pandan.
And the chicken skin.
I can eat the chicken skin on its own.
And the drink as well.
The Sago.
I was expecting a lot sweeter, it’s a  good balance.
So if you guys want to drop by, Max’s restaurant is located here in Far East Plaza.
I’ll put the link in the description box below, the address.
And you can come with your family if you miss Philippines, anything about the Philippines.
Have a meal, a feat with your friends or your family down here.
If it’s like introduce them to like the greatness of Filipino cuisine.
I’m an advocate for this.
So that’s it, pretty much for the video today.
Thank you so much Laanya for joining me today.  -Thank you Foodie Momma.
Thank you, thank you so much for introducing me to the luxury of Filipino cuisine.
I learned so much about the culture, about where each dish comes from and the revelation.
What’s comfort food for you even.
Yeah.
And I’m so happy I got to experience that.
Thank you.
And you guys really should come to Max’s restaurant.
Like give it a try.
Come down with your family, the more the merrier.
Let me know if you want to see more of this type of videos or with Laanya on the next video.
Please subscribe and like and we’ll see you on the next video here in Singapore.
Thank you!
