Hello there, and welcome to Foodie Legends, 
your go to source to the best foods around  
the world and their history. In our last 
episode, we visited the colorful country  
of the Philippines to have a taste of their 
iconic fiesta cuisine. Now, let’s go to the  
other side of the spectrum and have a taste of 
the Philippines’ more challenging delicacies.  
But before we dive in, don’t forget to hit the 
Subscribe and Notification Bell, so you guys  
can catch up to our latest food journeys. 
Without anything further to do, let’s go! 
Coming in number one on our list is the ultimate 
gateway to the long list of Filipino exotic foods:  
none other than the balut. Everytime a Filipino 
will “baptize” their foreigner friends,  
it wouldn’t be complete without 
a piece of balut paired with beer  
waiting on the table. But what is balut anyway? 
Basically, balut is a fertilized duck egg.  
It is incubated between 14 to 21 days, 
then steamed. The challenge in eating balut  
is by eating the semi-developed duck fetus 
hiding under the shell, drenched in its own soup.  
The type of egg usually used in making balut 
is the egg of a mallard duck, commonly known  
in the Philippines as the “Pateros duck”.
Balut is best eaten by cracking a portion  
of its upper shell, just right at the top. The 
thin membrane must be removed to expose the soup  
and the actual egg, then sprinkle just a tiny 
dash of salt and pour a small amount of sinamak-  
a type of coconut vinegar spiced with 
bird’s eye chili, garlic and ginger. 
Have a taste of the “soup” first, which has 
a slightly salty but surprisingly deep and  
refreshing flavor, enhanced by the salt and spiced 
vinegar. Once you finish consuming the soup,  
you can now break the egg to expose the 
solidified egg yolk and the harder egg  
white. The egg yolk has a creamy taste while the 
whites have a tough and slightly crunchy texture.  
These are the good parts of the balut, but if you 
want to take your curiosity once notch higher,  
then you can eat the balut’s centerpiece: its 
underdeveloped duck. If you get lucky, you may get  
the duck that is nearly fully formed, which some 
may find quite off-putting. It has a very crunchy  
texture, although it can be somewhat an acquired 
taste. It is also believed that balut is an  
aphrodisiac, and a Filipino joke was made because 
of this belief: “Pinatigas ng balut ang tuhod ko”  
(which translates to Balut made my knees harder!) 
Coming in number two on our list is 
another dish that people believe can  
make you hard and strong for the entire 
evening. It’s the mysterious Soup No. 5.  
You don’t know what Soup No. 5 is? Well, 
have you heard of Rocky Mountain Oysters?  
If you know what Rocky Mountain Oyster is, then 
you have a good idea of the main ingredient used  
in Soup No. 5. Well, let’s not keep the suspense 
longer. Soup No. 5 is a famous exotic hangover  
dish in the Philippines, and its main ingredient 
is none other than the bull’s penis and testicles. 
Yep, you heard that right. Soup No. 5 
is the bull’s genitalia. But why was it  
called Soup No. 5, and not any other 
number? According to urban legends,  
this infamous soup got its iconic name because 
the owner of the restaurant which first served  
the dish had four more anonymous dishes in his 
menu, using only numbers to label these dishes.  
What are these dishes, no one knows. This gimmick 
was the owner’s way to discreetly label his  
dishes, and to entice the eaters on its mysteries.
Coming in number three on our list is the  
Philippine’s exotic answer to the Western ham 
and cured meat: the etag. The craft of dry-curing  
meat is one of the most fundamental ways of 
preparing meat, as old as civilization itself.  
Different countries have their takes 
on curing meat. As early as 3000 BC,  
records state that Mesopotamians cured 
their meat with sesame oil and salt;  
the Ancient Romans dry-cured their meat with 
salt to preserve it during long travels,  
where the soldiers of the Roman Republic and 
Empire can eat it as part of their rations. 
In the mountainous regions of the Cordillera where 
the history of precolonial Philippines is still  
visibly felt, etag is a doorway to the past of 
the said region. Etag is a term used in Cordillera  
referring to its native way of preserving pork. In 
this process of making etag known as “Panag-etag”,  
the fresh parts of the slaughtered pig is 
generously rubbed with huge amounts of salt,  
then the slabs of meat will be hanged and dried 
under the sun for several weeks or months.  
The meat can also be smoked using the 
wood of a tree that Igorots call “alnos”,  
although guava trees can be used as an 
alternative.According to the locals,  
the longer the etag is cured and air-dried, 
the tastier and more expensive it would be.  
Over time, the meat’s color will be darker and 
darker because of the long process of dry aging. 
What makes etag a part of our Philippine exotic 
food picks is because of the preparation itself.  
Since etag is hung in the open air, the dried 
meat has maggots crawling in its flesh because  
it was exposed to the elements and the flies. 
Because of this, etag also has a foul odor  
that can challenge the bravest eaters. Its surface 
is also covered with a layer of white molds,  
just like the molds in classic cheeses. Don’t 
worry though, because before you eat the etag,  
the molds will be sliced away first, and washed 
with water to remove the maggots and lessen the  
saltiness of the meat. Once you get used to 
the thought of its origins, etag is actually  
not that bad, tasting like smoked bacon or ham.
Coming in number four on our list is the Kamaru,  
a delicacy that may seem exotic even for local 
eaters, but once you get a taste of this bad boy,  
you will find it irresistible. Kamaru is otherwise 
known as “mole crickets” , a type of insect that  
can usually be found on rice paddies in the 
Philippines. Initially, farmers found mole  
crickets to be nothing more than headaches, 
because they are considered pests who eat  
the roots of the rice plants, causing their 
crops to grow poorly or the seedlings to die.  
Kamaru are usually found swimming in the 
water, or burrowing holes in the farm lands. 
Pampanga earns the de facto title as the 
“Culinary Capital of the Philippines”  
because it produced a lot of 
great cooks, and this province  
has a lot of dishes to brag about 
in their gastronomic repertoire.  
Do you think Pampanga chefs looked at the 
kamaru and thought “No, I can’t cook this one.”  
As it turned out, this pesky insect turned 
out to be something of a culinary delight,  
and so they became one of the most 
underrated delicacies in Pampanga.  
Kamaru is a very cheap substitute for meat, 
and you can buy a kilo for only fifty pesos.  
That’s a lot of meaty insects for a dollar!
Kamaru is popularly cooked as an adobo: the  
classic Filipino way of cooking, well basically 
most meat and vegetables available in the market.  
These crickets are washed properly to remove 
the soil from their bodies, then set aside.  
On a hot pan, garlic and onion are 
sauteed until their fragrance comes out,  
and then the kamaru is added, flavored with 
soy sauce, vinegar, pepper and bay leaf.  
Oftentimes, kamaru is simply stir-fried with 
garlic, onions, vinegar, and chopped tomatoes. The  
crickets are then mixed and tossed until they are 
crispy, but the insides are still soft and moist.  
This crunchy delight is best served as a pulutan 
dish, dipped in soy sauce-vinegar mixture spiced  
by garlic, onions, and chilis. It’s the strangest 
and yummiest finger food you’ll ever have! 
Coming in number five on our list is tamilok, an 
exotic Filipino dish that is already making waves  
among the connoisseurs and the rookie foodies 
alike. Tamilok, known with its scientific name,  
Kuphus polythalamius is a type of shipworm, also 
known by its common name, woodworm. Although it  
has the name “worm” attached to its name, woodworm 
is not an actual worm. Tamilok is actually a  
member of the mollusk family, and to describe it 
as a shell-less saltwater clam is more accurate. 
Tamilok are usually found in decaying and 
rotting logs, or thick tree trunks submerged  
underwater. This is why tamilok earned the 
name “woodworm”, despite its actual nature.  
The best way to eat tamilok is by turning 
it into a Filipino-style ceviche known as  
“kinilaw”. The tamilok is cleaned then is cured 
in coconut vinegar, calamansi, salt, and chili,  
and there goes your tamilok kinilaw.
Because it is basically a mollusk,  
tamilok has a fishy flavor profile, with a hint 
of saltiness, quite slimy, and just resembles  
raw oyster. Tamilok has become a popular 
exotic delicacy in the Philippines,  
but the recent surge in demand threatens 
the existence of mangroves where tamiloks  
live, so there are environmental movements 
advocating the limitation of tamilok consumption. 
So if you want to eat tamilok, best to 
take what is only enough for yourself,  
not too much. Conserving the environment 
is still the top priority, of course. 
Thanks again for tuning in with us here 
at Foodie Legends for our latest episode.  
I hope you enjoyed this video and got a nice taste 
into the exotic foods that the Philippines has to  
offer! Before you go, be sure to LIKE this video 
and CLICK THE SUBSCRIBE BUTTON for more delicious  
content every week! We’d love to hear your 
thoughts too, so leave a comment below to let us  
know what your favorite part of the video was or 
if you want to just leave us with a few thoughts!  
You guys are awesome, thanks again 
for watching, See you on the next one!
