Ricky! Why did you marry a Filipina?
um....
Because of the beauty?
I have few of my friends,
people I know married to Filipinas,
you know, when the guys meet of course
we talk about their girlfriend or wife, right?
And there is this one thing that these guys say in common about their partner..
What is it?
You want to know?
Yeah!!!
It's a...
maganda ang Pinay
E: You think so too?
Are there many Koreans, marrying Filipinas?
I think, YES.
I don't know the exact number, but the number is increasing.
Many Koreans go to the Philippines every year.
I think Koreans are number one in foreign visitors in the Philippines?
Tourism
And this leads a higher chance for Koreans to build up a real relationship.
If you look statistically, Filipinas are the 3rd or 4th top national that a Korean guy married to..
So what are the first or second....?
First and second is always either Chinese or Vietnamese.
Next question is,
why do you think Koreans are interested in Pinays?
Based on my personal experiences,
I think because of
Experiences?
Experiences...
You said experiences
Based on my personal experience with you, ONLY!
I think because of your beautiful smile.
Really?
Is this the smile you fell in love with?
Pressure, I have to smile all the time.
Can you be more specific what you mean about beauty?
I find tanned skin very attractive and sexy.
Even before dating you, I
(before dating me?)
I've always wanted to have a tanned skin girlfriend.
(oh okay..)
Because, beauty is a subjective matter.
So sometimes I don't really understand,
why Pinays would want to have a fair skin.
But not only their physical beauty, I find Filipinas somehow like naturally beautiful.
What I mean by that is,
it seems like they are not so obsessed with the appearance,
all the time.
You wouldn't see a Filipina, fixing make up in public.
Whereas in Korea it is quite common for a woman to fix their make up like in a bus, subway or in public places.
I mean you know, I understand...
There are some cultural differences and I really applaud Koreans taking care of themselves.
True, you wouldn't really see a Filipina fixing their make up obviously in public.
They dont want to show that they care about their appearance.
I dont know, I think it's a culture thing.
You don't want to show everybody that you care about your appearance.
Is that something that you should be ashamed of?
Not really a shame but
you just want to show everybody that it is natural.
So you wouldn't want to show them that you really care.
I fell for that..
Did I?
How about the personality?
Do you think, it's a good match between a Korean man and a Filipina?
Personality wise, I think they're a very good match.
Because, Filipina women are naturally caring, I think.
And they like to give all the attention to their man.
I dont know if it's a good or bad thing. But...
I think it's good.
Attention is good, until the level where it becomes nagging or jealousy.
Are you saying I'm like that?
R: No, no, no....
I'm just saying it.
They really do put some effort.
What I mean about effort is TIME, in making the relationship better.
And I guess that's what most of man wants.
Well, yeah yeah
I think, Korean men do love attention.
Because you know in our office too,
my colleagues, they usually brag about how fancy or good the lunch box
or the breakfast their girlfriends or wives made for them.
So yeah, I think Korean men do love attention.
And also, I think they have very wide range of understanding and have a very big patience.
She has never once shouted at me.
So when we have an argument, she usually stays calm and try to listen to me.
But nowadays, I think she somehow changed..
No, no no....
Well I would agree with you about Filipinas having patience.
and deep understanding.
But yeah, actually I think Koreans, they are always in a hurry.
They are always so busy and quick.
Yes.
We don't like to waste any time.
Yeah
So when I've moved here in Korea, I often hear the word "ppalli ppalli" which means,
FASTER!
And yeah, sometimes it will drive you crazy that they don't have patience.
You will really need some patience in calming them down.
And oh, another thing is Korean men, I think they have very strong opinion.
They like to preach and sometimes it sounds like scolding to me.
I don't know, if it's because I'm a foreigner, they love to teach me things.
So when I was in the university, I was really scared of my professors and seniors.
And Ricky also loves to tell me life lessons.
No, not a life lesson.
Maybe I like to correct you, tell you what to do a little bit.
I don't like really give you a lesson...
We are not fighting....
See how she calms me down.
But I feel like you are only telling negative things.
No!!
Please tell them something good about Koreans.
I think, Korean men are also very smart and hardworking.
They don't like to rest...(Is it a good thing?)
Like I said we don't like wasting time, so
maybe from her point of view I don't rest.
Because even if when I am laying down on the bed, I will try to do something.
I cannot stand doing nothing.
And she always tells me, can you just fully rest?
I think that is one thing, I am incapable of doing.
So, is there anything else you don't like about me?
Now that we are on this topic?
Ofcourse, exactly the opposite point of what you just mentioned.
Sometimes I feel she is too relaxed.
Because, like what I've said earlier,
I always try to be productive and efficient.
But her, those are not her priority values.
She likes to take a nap and what else?
You have to rest to be more productive.
Your brain needs some rest to be more productive.
And it's not that I rest a lot!
It's not that I lay down the whole day!
It's just because you don't rest so I look like a lazy person.
I think, I only see you rest whenever we are on a vacation in the Philippines.
I think, there are some practical reasons why would a Korean man wants to marry a Filipina.
I think the first one is the language.
I think Philippines is few of the countries in Asia that speaks English as a second language.
So it makes it better to communicate, I mean easier to communicate.
Ofcourse having your child, if you are planning to have one.
Having them raised in a bilingual environment is a very strong merit for their child's education.
And then second is, because culturally they feel close.
Even if we keep these asian values, the way people think and
many of the things in the society are heavily influenced by the Western culture.
There is gap,
But still not as big as they would feel with other countries in Asia.
And third, when I talk with my friends, many of them have a dream of retiring in the Philippines.
I think, it is very nice if you have someone beside you that can help you make your dream come true.
I've just read somewhere, according to Korean statistics,
Among international marriage here in Korea,
between a korean man and a chinese woman, or korean man and a vienamese woman
and other combinations.
Korean man and a Filipina has the lowest divorce rate.
So doesn't it prove that it is really a good match?
Yeah I think so.
Number tells, right?
Or is it because there is no divorce in the Philippines?
Well yeah, we don't believe in divorce.
We go all the way until we die..
Let us know if you are interested in meeting Korean guys.
oh yeah?
Or if you are a Korean man watching this video,
let her know, if you are interested in Filipinas.
Maybe, we can hook you guys up with the people we know.
oh yeah, friends.
and she has many sisters
oh, my sisters
Are we ending this video now?
Should we talk about how we met?
In the club?
Wasn't it a bar?
