You want to know how to avoid being scammed and broken?  Stay tuned.
MUSIC PLAYING…..
Hello my friends, this is BobbieD coming to you from the Talamban Cebu Philippines.
I'm having an awesome time in the Philippines today,hope you are as well wherever you’re from.
Hey today I want to talk to you about How To Avoid Being Scammed And Broken In The Philippines.
How To Avoid Being Scammed And Broken In The Philippines, YaaHH!
Now when you talk about the Philippines you understand this is a country where they are numerous types of scams,
But the one scam that's more prevalent than anything else if the online offline dating scams, in the Philippines, mmm, mmm
It's a multi-million peso industry.
Yeah, Filipinas are trained to get your money. Uh,huh, honey, hahaha
Yeah, no joke, they’re trained it's a business.
So i'm going to teach you some things that you should know when you're dating offline or online with a Filipina In order for you to avoid being scammed and broken.
Yeah they can break your heart, they can break your spirit, your soul, they can break your spirit, and they can break your bank!
uhhuh so first thing first thing,
Whenever you meet a Filipina understand the they have a mentality that says they're entitled to get your money.
Yeah  most Filipinos have an entitlement mentality.
In other words because they feel they’re poor and they don’t have money and you have a lot of money
They're entitled to go in your pockets. And it's ok so, They have no regrets about lying or misleading you, They have no regrets about telling you things that are untrue,
It's just what they do to get what they want.So filipinas are very very powerful women. Now I talked to you before On one of my other videos about the charismatic power of the filipina.
Now filipinas can use their power for good or they can use that power for evil.
Now the scammers, the filipinas that are scammers use a charismatic power for evil.
Charismatic power is basically influence. 
It's something on the inside of the on the people are drawn to them.
And so some of them use that for good and unfortunately, some of it in some of that for bad.In the case of scammers, they use it for bad.  You have to take control of the conversation and the situation.
Treat it as an interview.  You’re looking for someone, a prospect and they’re looking for  a prospect.
You’re looking for a prospect for a girlfriend or long term relationship or a wife. They’re looking for a prospect that they can get money from.
Basically, so you both, you have to understand that, when you speak to a Filipina online or offline.80% of those Filipinas are scammers.
They want your money.  Anything they say to you is for the purpose of gaining your trust.That’s what they, the first thing Filipinas do is try to gain your trust.
Okay.
Now how do they gain your trust? By telling you things that you want to hear.
Most men want to hear they look good, most men want to hear you are intelligent,Most men want to be , Uh, most men want their ego stroked.
And so Filipinas are artists at stroking the ego of a man
Especially foreigners. And most Filipina scammers here are trained on what to sayAnd how to say things to foreign men.
And the reason they are trained is because it’s big money, big money business.Filipina scammers work 8 to 12 hours a day 6-7 days a week.
And the purpose is to find prospects.
And prospects meaning people that they can work with everday and talk to everyday,
And the ultimate purpose is to gain money out of their pockets and have them send them money.
That’s it. So when you understand that then you’re better equipped to deal with the people you’re speaking to.
Okay, so now your goal is to gain control of the situation
Your goal is to gain control of the conversation.
Now how do you do that? Fist of all, you have to come with a specific agenda of questions, 
That you question them.
It’s almost like you’re a prosecuting attorney. I mean you’re not going to be mean and hateful
But you’re going to question them.
Hi how are you today, you’re going to be nice and cordial, Hi how are you , My name is Bob, I read your profile and tell me something about yourself. How many kids do you have? Where do you live? Do you work?
You have to have a list of questions and the reason why you go down the lit is becauseYou want to separate the contenders from the what? Pretenders.
Make sense? Okay, so here we go.
Question them and when you question them, sometimes you may want to question them Again. Ask the same question, but in a different way.
That way you can find out if they’re lying.
Anytime you find out they’re telling a lie, get rid of them.  
Ok thank you, I’ll  talk to you later, bye.
Mmmhmm, chat later see you.
Let them go because one lie leads to another and another.Let me tell you how you can spot a scammer.  Most of the scammers are professional scammers
And then they’re non-professional scammers.
The professional scammers are the ones that are hardest to spot.
Because they won’t come out with the money issues immediately.  It may take several days, because they’re trained on when to speak about money and when they speak about money,
They don’t directly ask you for money.
Here’s what they do, They’ll say I’m so tired, and you say what’s wrong and they say, I haven’t eaten today im hungry and I did not want to bring this to you.  Yeah, money, mmmHmm,
So they have done all of that to get in your pocket,.  They tug on your heart strings and the doing all of that to ultimately have you give them money. Okay?
Another thing is not only hunger, they’ll say the baby’s sick, mama’s sick, papa’s sickMy cellphone was stolen, or I don’t have enough funds, I really like talking to you,But I don’t have enough money to get back on the internet tomorrow, All that’s a bunchOf crap, okay? You gotta have an open, you gotta be aware of what’s going on.
Take control of the situation.  
When you understand their psyche,  and their mentality then you can control the situation.And not, and avoid being scammed and broken.
Okay? Now one other thing I want to let you know.  Now I talked to you about the professional scammers.
The non-professional scammers, they’re easy to spot.  The first thing they’ll say is Uh, can you send me 500 pesos? Stuff like that they are not professional okay, you just get rid of those.immediately.
One other thing on the professional scammer is they use one thing that’s called budol-budol.Basically it’s hypnosis. Now I have a B.S. in Psychology and a Master’s. So I know that it’s not just a bunch of bull, it’s not just a bunch of junk, it’s real
It’s called budol-budol. It’s hypnosis. In Psychology it’s called conversational hypnosis ok.And they can actually talk to you and hypnotize you and hypnotize you. Yeah!
Look people, I;m serious.  There’s a gang going around,in Manila it’s called theBudol-budol gang.  That’s all they do all day long, they hypnotize people and gain funds.
Not only can they do it online as well.  So you have to watch out for everything you can.Can you not find a decent person online to conversate with and to eventually have a friendship with?
Yes you can.  But you have to be discerning and you have to be careful.It’s about what you’re comfortable with allowing that Filipina to do.  Okay? It’s about protecting your assets. Okay? It’s about not allowing them to get in your pockets.
Fist of all it’s about not allowing them to get into your mind, heart spirit and your soul.You have to guard those things from the scammer. Now how do you guard those things?First of all you just don’t tell them your whole business.
The only thing you need to tell them is the basic things you have in your profile.  That’s it.  I mean the reason why you don’t tell them your whole life story is because they use those things against you to gain control of your heart and your mind and your spirit and your soul and your pocket book.
Last thing.  In order for you to avoid being scammed and broken, in the Philippines, you have to take control. It’s up to you.   I
If you’re going to be successful onine or offline dating, you have to have a strategy, you have to have a plan,  and you have to follow that plan until you find the right person,
that you feel comfortable with for you.  Anything a Filipina tells you always check it out. Okay? Alright guys, that’s it for now, this BobbieD saying, take care God Bless, Peace!
