You know what this is a shock after being 
on the islands I tell you a lot of people  
Oh watch yourself. Sorry. I feel like I've 
got social anxiety after being on the islands
I actually feel like there was this many people 
in the whole island I like this hold this okay  
the thing is when you come 
to the market there's um
Look how cute that baby is... she's really cute. When you come to the market as 
tourists literally you get charged like  
a lot more than it should be 
for everything obviously. Why wouldn't they. 
But I've got no idea how much a good prices 
always steps up and he does it for me
I'm like.. oh... 5000 pesos that sounds all right not 
realising actually how much it is
only 200 pesos yeah
What's the biggest size you have? 4XL, 3XL & 2XL. you want?
What size is this? XL
What colour do you like? Grey. The grey one? 
Nyh Nyhs have you got some toys
Nyh Nyhs can you say thank you to the man
what one do you want to put on this one this one
whoa what have you got Nyh? 
yeah when we're in the dark you'll be able to see it 
so hot you know what the difference is we worked  
out is that on the islands you get the breeze 
in here you don't get the breeze so it's just  
very close and humid Lawrence is struggling 
being a elf-sized giant in the Philippines  
he's about two foot above everybody 
here elf yeah you know like elf the  
film not like your elf elf where he's 
massive this is like trainer heaven
there's so many pairs of trainers that 
12 year old had more tattoos than me
We're onto the food!
not sociable today
we love a food market bubble tea
one day old chicken I've never seen anything 
like that in my life I've seen the balut  
which is obviously the fermented egg 
the one day old chicken he said try it  
oh God no oh God you try it oh what's that 
Lechon we've got an ice coffee up there
Oh sorry
What's this one, the purple one?
It's only when you come to these markets at the end of a trip when you realise how expensive everything has been
We've been having a mango shake that's been around 200 pesos
And here they're 55 pesos
Lawrence's iced coffee 59 pesos that is mental
And it tastes like the 600 peso coffee that i've been getting
Quite popular you aren't you?
I think he's blushing you know
Just my type
Nyh Nyh's you've been asking for that
Is that nice bub, can mummy try some. Okay
So here literally there are no tourists No the market is for the Filipinos unlike markets 
in Thailand that are just predominantly for the uh  
tourists this is definitely not 
like yeah we've got little pizzas
wow they've got so much stuff 
here it is mad
trying to get Lawrence to try some fun 
stuff but he is not not in the mood today  
he's feeling a bit queasy and he wants a good 
old-fashioned carbonara don't you Lawrence
Croc stand, It's like this place was made for him I feel like I can be 
adventurous with stuff that's not meat but  
Lawrence could be adventures with stuff 
that's meat but I am funny with anything  
that's got any sort of gristle on it 
oh yeah phone repair oh this is what we need
how much do you charge for screen repair
Lawrence's phone is on its 109th life it looks  
like it should have died last 
year we need to get it fixed
the market is also continued all 
the way through this shopping center
I was just saying to Lawrence they've got so 
much like fake stuff here literally  
no one must wear anything real everything 
else you can get everything trainers crocs  
anything watches so we need to be quiet and 
Solitude of our fish home we're going back
you ready to go home Nyh
Okay. Some dinner.
Please have some candy
you want some candy
