There we go
Yo, wassup everybody its your boy JRE NCT U BOSS came out
now they
Rotated a few people. I think Taeil and Ten
Is rotated and uh jungwoo and now Lucas came in I think that's how it is. I don't know you could explain to me
I'm curious about Lucas. THO. I'm just saying know what I'm saying
I just got back from black panther loved it y'all. I recommend. Y'all check it out. Dope I loved every minute of it and
Yeah, I might see it again actually anyways NCT U BOSS MV. Let's go. Let's get it. Let's begin HI JRE
I'm Kegan from India, and I love Kpop and I love your videos
Play my intro
aight y'all NCT U BOSS MV. Let's go let's go
Ok we in a group huddle
Taeyang oh
Wait hold up. No. You're just gonna pick us up be already on the ground and he's like oh my bad
I dropped y'all, so he's like all sexy wait hold look watch this watch look. He looks at us
He what wait did you kick me in the face you know what you know what oh?
Wait wait let's get serious here. Sorry alright comes down a little crotch shot right there
Why Taeyong look like an
Unlockable secret Kingdom Hearts character, and I'm living for it hey Jae
Jaehyun
ay ay ay ohhh that editing though
Doyoung, you saw that little body roll he did?
Wait
Just thought that was cool, sorry i stopped it my bad. that body roll oh, I see you son.
Okay, oh they walking over us yo, what's up. They push it up
Okay, i see you mark
Don't you know I'm a don't you know I'm a
Don't you know imma aye aye aye
Okay Mark it's a little transition with a clap
Here comes a new challenger
Lucas right? Cause I don't recognize him
Yo, I see you Lucas I see you
Hey you see what the looks tho?
Are we just looking at each other right now?
The other get into a fight to see who's the boss I mean I see like
Taeyong and Mark probably, I know Mark is in like every NCT
Yo my bad, I ran out of memory
My bad, but we back we back what y'all gonna. Do y'all really gonna fight for her to see who's boss really?
and like Mark
I know he's been a lot of units and so is Taeyong
Y'all trying to see like who the boss who the boss really is who is the boss of this group (well the leader is Taeyong if you're actually curious) ooh?
I like that. don't you know i'm a, don't you know i'm a, don't you know i'm a yo visuals, bro
Like my visual or like attraction
Whoo-hoo, that shot though
That shot don't wait hold on let me go back to that shot. That was Jungwoo, right yeah, that's a dope shot
He said clothes off?
Alright
That flames fam, are they like in a circle of flames?
Hey, yo Taeyong is serving looks for me right now
Yo, he's serving looks. I don't know my my eyes just going to him right now
Winwin? yo! I forgot about Winwin did he-
You see that shit? Ooooh
Chill NCT U y'all y'all step it on me stepping over me damn
Okay, I see you coming in there
Who the hell is skirt? someone skirt? what skirt?
Who's on skirtin'? I did forget about like win-win
My bad he showed up for like like three seconds or four seconds
Yo visuals fam
Alright the way his voice comes in it's just so nice to
Closer closer closer
Yoooooo
I'm sorry. Imma point this out, but yo lips though tho. Do we have the same size lips?
Prob his is less chapped though right?
 Yeah, you like a
locked  character in Final Fantasy yo
why taeyong taeyong looking like a
mob mob boss
for real like yo, lowkey he looking like a mob boss
You know he die his hair red, but this this ish make me feel like a boss like you. Oh, yeah
They aren't some boss - anyways y'all
Thank you guys for watching put a comment below what you guys think like this video share this video and subscribe
Remember keep on dreaming dreaming dream believe do repeat if you have a dream out there put some hard work into it might just come
True like I said, I just came back home from watching Black Panther loved every minute of it
I went with my dad because you know he wanted to see Black Panther two hours ago. Let's go see black panther
I paid the tickets got him some food you know
I'm so I treated in him how you know I treat my family good after being on that high from Black Panther and join that
Movie I'm like yo, NCT U boss dropped as well, so let me check that out as well so here
I am please like this video share this video and subscribe again. Thank you for everything and
HAVE A BLESSED DAY YEAH BE A BOSS, BE A BOSS ASS
Hey you better subscribe
