Hello everyone. I'm going to walk to the train, my friend.
because today I intend to take my friends to eat street food.
What information is complete? It 's a
It will be a market in front of the church, my friend. It's quite a distance from here because that point is the center of Manila,
and one of the things that I want to try. that is
friend and friend is an egg that It's an embryo.
But here, they will eat duck eggs. Well, let's go and try to see if there's food
for him to try some strange places to eat
As for the way to travel to the market, my
, take the yellow line train and get off at Carido Station, my friend and friend.
, here we go down from under the station and my friend has found a restaurant, this is
genuine ciapo market, my friend. That the mood right here is like a water gate.
Manila doesn't have a lot of places to visit. So I decided to come eat street
, because if the trip is too long,
, and we'll start to know different foods in the Philippines, my friend. So it looks like I
. It's not as exciting as the first few days of my visit. Naha. This is late. Curry.
But he doesn't have a seat to eat. That is, we have to buy food to go home with our friends
What water is this?
face looks like something I don't know. Haha
uh
, my friend's melon juice, but looks The
It looks strange, so I'll try Erawan
Okay. First menu, let's try water first.
This is melon juice. Twenty pesos.
can. This is melon meat.
At first I thought it was. Or something. It's delicious.
. This one will bloom for sure.
ah, ah
They call it
. Thailand,
, um, when you
they call it closed.
It's like a fermented egg, my friend. It's not an egg, nah.
But the color is quite different from the scrambled eggs in our house. Here it
It's a steamed egg, my friend. But I don't know what it will taste like
hey, hey, let's try it.
. Oh, An Ma is the person he's going to eat.
a lot of fried veneka meatballs, my friend.
add salt and vinegar. It's gone, it tastes better, but asks if it's weird,
it different from the scrambled eggs in Thailand? It's not strange, my friend.
too, but the egg taste is so good. It will look darker.
like he doesn't put a lot of sauce or soy sauce marinated in it. It's delicious and delicious.
ah ,
, it's crispy pork
I'll give you some rice and think I'll take it back myself.
Mayonnaise.
is. Let's try it first. It's some kind of bread, mayonnaise, cc. Is
The smell of mayonnaise, a friend of a friend
, a little salty. Salted mayonnaise.
, but I think that if we eat with rice, we should be together.
can live Let's try the pork here
Another famous food of the Philippines One is a swine, my friend.
He is popular to eat during the festive season. Like those Christmas things,
very delicious.
The name has about four syllables. Thailand Thailand Hello Iceland
Hello, I saw the shop here. I see a lot of people eating it. Oh, it's
what is it Oh, it's
Oh, that's a lot of people who eat a lot, friends. Uh
Oh, it's like we have to do it ourselves. Oh, Filipinos have to scoop it by ourselves, my friend.
Well, if you want to eat anything, you put it in a pan like this, my friend. This is probably a chicken hot dog.
. This one looks delicious. This is probably a fish ball.
that it seems
is all kinds of food he eats with All my friends are gone, but this is water
with the sauce that is in front
Look at the ingredients. So many.
e
when I saw everyone, he looked confused about condiments here, so I thought, hey, what are they selling? Why are there so many people? So I came to see where it was meatballs, there was nothing very new, but the most was him yes thailand
Hello. What's strange is that we have to pick up the meatballs ourselves. From the pan and put it in a glass, our friends and friends look new.
This vinegar is not sour at all. It's like he's already mixed with water, my friend.
what is this
, body sis food soup, what soup was that?
normal
I'm not sure what kind of soup it is. K. It's
Forty pesos per cup. Thank you
Including rice with friends We just ate lunch.
Like people like this, they will focus on rice rather than back. Because this is the amount back, my friend,
hey, try the soup .
The soup is very oily,
Soup is delicious. It's soup. Beef soup is my friend
We have to cook it.
He said that he had to cook it with his friend. Fruit. Look at the cooking station
. This is chili. This is Kumquat.
, as I said here. They don't eat lemons, my friend.
Look at the different sauces, taste them, and try to cook them one by one.
This is an onion This is some kind of bean,
. And lemon, not lemon. This is an orange
This is what it looks like after it's cooked. I'll come and try it after it's cooked, my friend.
Once we have cooked The taste is like spicy soup.
Wow, at first I thought if I didn't cook it,
will be more delicious But it's enough after cooking with kumquats.
of here
Ajarn Sutian, Boss Boss, pen, lock pen, where is Thailand? Well,
Thailand
. Ouch, this one is sold as dried squid
, it looks delicious. It's
Of course, it's already eaten with vinegar. I'm going to try eating some wood.
I love you
Is he going to grill? When finished, he will come to dip
is not very hygienic, my friend. But it's a Filipino way of eating.
This is not a dipping sauce. It's vinegar, sub
inside ?
, but we're going to dip it in this dipping sauce? Hey
like salty. It's going to cut off with hey
with sourness, my friend.
delicious. I'll take another stick. It's delicious.
You have to try it, friends, friends. It's delicious.
The taste is not very strange as usual. He just dips his squid in his friend's vinegar
Here's a balloon my friend met.
K in the first time. You are very big, my friend.
Philippines, ah, friends, friends come to try to eat,
Finally, we walk to meet a friend of Filipino famous food.
chocolate
Will it be scary? I'm afraid of me. I'm afraid that I will puke, my friend.
it be
Well, in Thailand, I never thought of wanting to eat it. Oh
This is going to have a soup inside.
maybe ,
Soup is like soup. Chicken soup?
, um, taste, um, I want to close my eyes and eat it now. It's
Come and see
My friends look at the color Let me tell you that it's just trying to eat
very martyr Because I wouldn't want to try something like this at all.
Duck head, friend, duck head friend, ah
friends, friends, see duck heads.
, it's healthy food.
.
How will
. I don't want to look at anyone. This is fur.
with oily hair. At first I thought it was a chicken. It will have bones.
but I ate it. It doesn't have any bones.
It's all soft together, my friend. Actually, it doesn't smell fishy like we thought.
but I added salt to prevent myself from puke. Asking if it's delicious, you can eat it
but if I had to choose, I wouldn't eat it ,
In this case, it will be weak, friends, friends.
If you can choose, please don't eat. one time last time
grilled squid like this
uh, ending with my friend, here's a picture of a duck head with feathers.
It's still in my eye. When I ate
I try to close my eyes and not look at it, my friend is biting it, but it's fine,
I feel that it's much easier to eat than I thought. Wait a minute. Let's go get a little bloated first
I don't know after this Are you going to puke in the bathroom, my friend?
Yes,
