Good morning, I'm gonna go on a little
island topping excursion today starting with the Bon Bon Beach.
Oh, yeah.
This is Ken, he's taking me around today.
I have to be honest, this is really disappointing.
This was kind of the main thing I wanted to
come all the way to Romblon to see, but I
think it's just blown up on Instagram and
now everyone wants to see it.
It's also pretty close to a holiday that impacts
it a lot.
But there are literally hundreds of people
here.
And all the pictures you see on social media,
there's like nobody, so I think that things
have changed, sadly.
So one thing this area is known for is the
abundance of marble and you can see it everywhere.
Like, it's all over the beach behind me.
So it's pretty cool because you see it everywhere
when you're swimming and a lot of things are
made out of it in the resorts because it's
so abundant.
Look who I found.
Oh, goodness.
I came to the Philippines to play with puppies.
Hi, all right, things are looking up.
This beach is really nice.
It's just super clear water, white sand.
I can see Bon Bon Beach from where I am actually,
it's just to my right.
And there's not that many people now, but
it's high tide.
But now things have calmed down a bit and
the beach next door is really, really nice.
Second time's the charm.
The people here are so beyond friendly.
All these people wanna, like, take pictures
together.
Man: Excuse me?
Kristin: Hi?
Man: Have a picture one?
Kristin: Sure.
I've been asked for my picture.
Okay, halftime right now.
I just had a little snacky, but now I'm gonna
chill a bit before it's time to check out
Kobudo Island, which I'm excited about too.
So the first time I went to the sandbar, tons
of people but the second time the tide was
higher, and I actually think it looked kind
of cooler because it took on a different shape,
and it was really beautiful from the drone,
so I really enjoyed it.
And I'm gonna be a little sad to leave tomorrow,
but I'm not gonna focus too much on that because
I've got a couple more stops this afternoon
first.
Here we go island hopping [inaudible 00:04:21]
afternoon.
Now headed to what I think is our last little
stop here and it's through this cave.
Oh, it's really cool, but these rocks are
sharp.
Well, that was an adventure.
In fact, this whole time on Romblon has been
an adventure.
I've really enjoyed my time here, such friendly
people, so much fun, magical places.
And I can't wait to see more of the Philippines.
So next I'm going to Palawan.
So I first have to get there on Easter.
So wish me luck.
I will see you next Wednesday.
Make sure you subscribe here and share with
your friends. Bye!
A few nights ago, I had someone try to break
into my room.
