Disney cartoons have been around for years and years.
In fact, the first Disney movie, Snow White
was introduced in 1937!
In those 80+ years, we’ve had several Disney princesses and just recently have we started
to see diversity in these characters!
In 1992, we are introduced to the first non-white Disney Princess, Jasmine.
In 1995, we later get Pocahontas, then in
1998 Mulan
and in 2009, Tiana from “The Princess and the Frog.”
With that said, I still feel like Disney is
lacking in its representation of more ethnic princess characters.
I mean, just imagine what a Filipina Disney princess would look like!
This brings me to Urduja, the Philippines’
answer to ever having a Pinay princess.
And no, I am not talking about the hurricane!
Quick shout out to Gio Star Master who requested that I make this video, by the way!
In 2008, APT Entertainment produced and released
an animated film that was adapted around the
legendary warrior princess Urduja of Pangasinan.
Although this movie was produced in the Philippines,
there could be a possibility for Disney studios
to pick up the film and readapt it or remake
it into their own.
After all, Cinderella, The Little Mermaid,
and Sleeping Beauty’s stories originated
from Europe and Mulan’s from China.
What’s to stop Disney from adapting “Urduja”
also?
In this video, I will be analyzing Urduja
as a whole, seeing how she compares to the
princesses we all know and love.
And before we proceed, there may be some spoilers
so please be advised.
With that said, let’s look at the different
aspects of Urduja and the film and see if
she would be a good fit to be a part of the
Disney Princesses club.
The movie is set in the 13th century, and
tells the tale of Urduja, who’s father the
chief of the tribe, has fallen ill.
Simakwel, an ambitious young warrior, seeks
to gain the chiefdom by marrying the headstrong
princess.
But his plan encounters a hurdle when the
dashing Chinese pirate Lim Hang arrives on
their shores and saves Urduja from an arrow.
Lim Hang and Urduja begin to play out a forbidden
love, while Simakwel schemes to take back
what he feels is his rightful place.
Already, you have those Disney elements in
place.
The plot is reminiscent of Pocahontas who
is expected to marry within her tribe but
falls in love with a foreigner different than
her.
Actually it seems like a lot of Disney movies
are like that but I digress.
All in all, she seems to resemble your stereotypical
Disney princess plot so at least she has that
going for her.
“Urduja” even features your typical animal
sidekicks!
You can’t have a Disney princess without
your typical animal sidekick!
As far as historical accuracy, I am pretty
sure the plot was Disney-fied for a younger
audience, adding in a love interest who probably
did not exist when Urduja was still alive.
It’s ironic too because according to historians,
Urduja was known to have said that she will
marry no man except one who can defeat her
in a duel.
The opposite love interest, Simakwel represents
the usual antagonist trope like Hans from
Frozen or Kocoum from Pocahontas.
He’s pretty much a bad guy who is only looking
out for his own interests.
And then you have Lim Hang, the typical love
interest.
Honestly, there’s not much to say because
the concept of these characters are pretty
much copied and pasted from every Disney movie
we have seen throughout the years.
The animation of the movie is very reminiscent
of 90s Disney animation rather than the more
modern 3D animation we’ve seen with hits
like Tangled or Frozen.
Urduja herself is very beautiful and stunning,
but aren’t all the Disney princesses like
that?
She’s very headstrong and caring in the
movie as well.
I would have liked to see her portrayed more
as a warrior or more badass than she is in
this film going based on what I’ve read
of her historically.
I know it is a children’s film but her looks
and characteristics are just too generic to me.
In the film she is voiced by Asia’s songbird
Regine Velasquez.
No doubt she is talented and is a great pick
to voice Urduja.
She even has her own song in the movie entitled
“Babae Ako” or “I am a Woman” in English.
I know Lea Salonga has voiced many Disney
princesses in the past including Jasmine and
Mulan, so I am actually quite happy they decided
to pick another Filipina to be distinguished.
I don’t know how fluent Regine Velasquez
is in English compared to Lea Salonga, but
if Disney were to release this movie to an
international audience, I would hope that
they do not pick Lea Salonga as the voice
actress for the reasons I’ve mentioned.
No hate towards Lea, but we gotta change it
up a bit because Urduja can’t look like
Pocahontas and sound like Mulan.
She needs to be her own person!
Overall, I would love to see Urduja be adapted
into a Disney film one day.
She has all the different elements for a great
movie.
There are a few things about her I would tweak
like not making her into a Pocahontas clone.
From the whole being the chief’s daughter,
falling in love with a foreigner and being
forced to marry someone within her tribe,
it’s a storyline that has been done already.
Maybe don’t give her a love interest and
focus more on the aspect of family and relationships
of those in her tribe.
Let me know in the comments below what you
think.
What would you change about Urduja and what
would you keep?
Would you watch the movie in theatres if ever
Disney were to adapt the storyline?
If you enjoyed this video, please make sure
to give it a like, comment, and share with
everyone you know!
Please consider subscribing if you haven’t
done so already!
I’m so close to 10k subs!
Also check out YouTube.com/FrankBernard and
take a look at the other videos I have made.
I’m sure you’ll find something you like!
My social media is listed below in the description
box including Patreon if you would like to
show some support!
And because you guys like to criticize my
Tagalog so much, I just wanna say:
“Maraming salamat sa panonood at nakikita
ko kayong lahat sa mga susunod na video”
See you guys soon!
