 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Woww...this...
Beautiful princesses are sleeping...
They're in the room...
Their clothes are also like the princesses in the kingdom...
If in Indonesia, the name is JKT48...
In Bangkok, if I'm not mistaken BKN48
and in Japan AKB48
They're vocal group...
because their focus is on their voice...
So those who are members of this group, definitely the voice is really good and no doubt about it guys...
Surely they passed a long audition to get into this group...
because this group is not a carelessly group...
The voice must be good and their faces are also beautiful...
It seems like they're hanging out at the cafe while eating what's this?
I like the one with long hair...What's her name guys?
This, her face is so cute...in the middle...
Her face is so cute you know...
Filled with flowers...
Their song is cheerful...
Their voice are really melodious...
Their faces are beautiful...
So it's like seeing angels whose voice are melodious guys...
I want to be in a vocal group like this, but I think I'm too old guys...
She's so cute...Swear...
and she who has long black hair...really beautiful...
Oh...this is the uniform...
White and purple colour...
Not only their clothes are unified...
the white and purple one earlier...
Their voices are also unified and really melodious...
Very beautiful...
It's beautiful and the voice is good...
I think they're also good at acting...yes/no guys?
It's like the princesses...
Really beautiful you know...
I really like her, who has long hair...
Her face is petite and pointed...
then, this one is cute...
Oh yeah, is there anyone from Indonesia?
Funny like this...
By the way, the uniform is really nice in white and purple colour...
Beautiful...Melodious voice...Nothing is lacking from them...
Certainly, it's very hard for them to be able to enter MNL48...
Need struggle and hard work guys...
because the group is really ok...
My goodness...The princesses are sleeping again guys...
For me, their song....
A little soft but lots of cheerful...
then...their voice are unified and really melodious...
In this vocal group, the focus is on their voice...
So, there is no doubt that those who are members of MNL48 certainly have good voices and beautiful faces...
I think they can acting too...
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
