Hello Bloggineers. Today we're going to unbox and review Universal Yums,
a subscription service that brings you snacks from a different country of the world each month.
And today's Yum's traveled all the way from the Pearl of the Orient Seas.
And we looked it up, and we think that the Pearl of the Orient Seas refers to the Philippines.
Before we open this, we want to let you know that if you like this product you can order it at the link in the description.
Opening up the box.
Oh here we go.
The Philippines. We were right.
Universal Yums. South China Sea. Welcome to the Philippines.
There are 13 different snacks from the Philippines. And then under each one you put faces.
So if it was "delicious, excellent, just wow" do a happy face.
It was "okay", you do the okay face.
And "I do not need this in my life" is a sad face.
Next, it looks like an activity book. Yeah these are probably the snack guide, starting on page six.
Here are all the snacks. There's 13.
The first snack is the Fudgee Bar Macapuno.
There's just one bar of the Macapuno cake.
Now before I start eating this, I've never been to the Philippines.
I think the closest to the Philippines I've experienced is maybe eating at Jollibee.
And you can watch that video by clicking up here.
So who wants to try this first?
Me.
Actually I'm just gonna break off some of it.
And I'll eat them here.
Is it good?
Mmm.
Definitely tastes like coconut.
And this is what it looks like close up.
I already ate part of it.
This definitely tastes like what might
be Macapuno coconut.
I don't actually know what the coconut tastes like, but it does taste some like coconut.
So what would I rate it?
I rate it an okay.
I'll rate it okay too.
It's just. I don't know. It's cake and I generally do not care for cakes. But I do like the flavor of this, so I'll rate it okay.
Here's a close-up shot of the Yum Bag.
This is what's inside.
Strawberry. Mango.
So what we're going to do is, I'm going to have the strawberries, and Brother's gonna have the mango, and maybe a strawberry
because I don't like mango.
Oh these. I think I've seen these before.
Try it.
Brother ate his mango before he could show it up close to the camera.
Aand he was gonna take it out but that would just be disgusting.
So I'm going to show mine up close .
Does it taste like mango? The world's sweetest mango?
Yup, tastes like strawberry.
Okay I'm gonna rate this one okay because I don't care for hard candies.
It's something that Brother loves, but I mean, it tastes like strawberry.
It's good. It's just I don't care for hard candies and lollipops in general. That's just me.
I'll rate it a "delicious, excellent, just wow" because I like hard candies a lot.
And mangoes.
The next snack is the Boy Bawang Cornick Adobo Flavor.
They are like... they are the shape of chickpeas.
Like them?
These are basically corn nuts.
I think that they are pretty good.
So I'm going to rate this "
I'll rate it the same as him. "Delicious, excellent, just wow."
Give me some.
Next is the Goldilocks Pinipig Polvoron.
I've seen Goldilocks bakeries before, so this probably came from the same company, the same bakery.
This is what it looks like.
I'm gonna break some off for Brother.
Toasted rice shortbread.
I didn't like it when I tasted it.
What did it taste like?
It was all crummy.
Did it taste bad?
Out of all the snacks I tasted, it's probably in the bottom ten.
In the bottom ten? But you've only tasted...
No, in my life.
I like the texture, but the taste could
be tastier.
If they just had more taste this would be awesome, because the textures nice.
I like the rice, but it's just shortbread.
So I'll say this is OK.
I'll rate this "I do not need this in my life."
Next is the Farmer John BBQ Sausage.
And it's spicy barbecue sausage potato chips.
From the sweets onto the meats.
This is the one that I was waiting for.
Give me some. Give me.
You get one first, and then if you like it you can have more.
Mmm. Yummy.
Here we go. This is kind of what it looks like.
I think it's pretty good it's basically a BBQ potato chip.
But with a slightly different flavor. I suppose that's the sausage part of it.
I'll rate it a "delicious, excellent, just wow."
I think I'll do the same.
This snack is this is probably my favorite out of the ones I tried so far.
Next is ChocoMucho Cookies & Cream.
There are two snacks by the ChocoMucho brand. This is the first one here.
And another one will do later on.
So this is cookies and cream.
Open it up.
Inside is a bar... chocolate cookie bar with caramel, crisp rice, and white chocolate.
I'm just gonna take one bite.
It is crunchy, I can see that.
Hey, you dropped off one on the floor.
The texture is good.
Let me see.
Definitely taste the chocolate and caramel.
That was pretty good.
This one definitely has the best texture out of all the snacks we've tried so far.
Because it's like soft on the inside and nicely crunchy on the outside.
So what do you rate this, Brother?
I'll rate it "delicious, excellent, just wow."
That was the best snack yet because I like ice cream cones and it taste like an ice cream cone.
I rate it okay because chocolate bars... I don't know. I mean it's good but it's okay for me.
Next is Cupp Keyk Coco Ube.
This is ube cupcake with coconut flakes.
I've had ube ice cream before from Trader Joe's and it tasted I'd say pretty authentic and really really good.
So I like ube.
Let's see this one is.
Here we go.
This is basically the shape of an ordinary cupcake.
Except that it's purple instead. Like there's
no sprinkles on top. It's not white or brown. It's purple.
Be careful not to drop crumbs.
I see some coconut.
Yeah, there is coconut in here.
I think that...I like ube ice cream better because ube cupcake is just weird to me.
But they have coconut in there, so maybe
that's why I don't taste entirely ube.
I don't know this is a weird combination to me. Ube with cupcake. So I'm gonna rate it just okay.
I'll rate it an okay.
Next is the Fudgee Barr Salted Caramel.
And this is what  it looks like.
Is it chocolate?
Is it chocolate?
No. This is salted caramel.
I don't really like it so far.
It's a chocolate cake.
Because every time I taste a brownie that we don't make or any chocolate cake back in in a shape of this or something familiar, it always tastes like bad chocolate.
I rate it "I do not need this in my life."
iIt's okay, but I don't need this in my life.
But I do think the next one will be yummy.
Because this is actually one of the ones I was looking forward to.
It's Egg Bites.
The one that I'm looking forward to also is this one.
Now even though I've only had like a bite of each snack, I'm actually starting to get filled up  a little. So I'm just going to eat a bit less from now on.
I think that I actually ate a cookie like
this before.
It's an egg cookie. It should be good.
Yep, I've definitely had this before.
Really?
I do think these are one of the better snacks.
I like anything egg.
Save it for later.
I rate the Egg Bits a "delicious, excellent, just wow" because I had this before, I loved it.
You had it before? I don't think so.
This is from the Philippines.
I had it before.
Ok. Delicious, excellent, just wow.
Next is the Baked Cheezy Puffs.
I don't really like cheesy but I'll try it.
I think this might be like Cheetos.
Yeah they're really... I'm just gonna take a little bite because they don't look that good.
I don't want it.
Okay I just took a tiny bite out of it, and I get the idea.
I don't care for it because I just don't like these cheese puffs.
I rate this "I do not need this in my life."
Do you even want to try it?
So brother doesn't want to try these, but I think you can pretty much get the idea of the taste if he smells it.
So just smell it.
Basically whatever you smell is the taste.
If you like cheese puffs, if you like Cheetos for example, then sure. But I'm not one of those people.
So, bye bye.
Next is what Brother was waiting for. Soft Cookies with Mango Bits.
Mango!
It definitely smells like mango.
The cookie texture is really crumbly. It's not a hard crunchy cookie.
I think it would be one of the more soft chewy cookie, but since it's mango, Brother's gonna like it.
You don't like it?
The first few seconds it tasted like a regular cookie but then you've got some mango  bit after.
That's because there's mango bits on the inside.
I rate it "delicious, excellent, just wow."
And for a person who doesn't eat mango, I would rate it "delicious, excellent, just wow"
because I can trust Brother and his mango ratings because he's basically a mango lover.
And finally is the ChocoMucho
So this is what it looks like.
It tastes almost the same as the other
ChocoMucho.
But since I had a little bite from the last one  ,I don't know how to compare.
I know that Brother ate practically the whole last ChocoMucho.
I like this one better than other ChocoMucho.
It tasted it kind of like hot chocolate after all.
I can still taste the hot chocolate.
I rate it a "delicious, excellent, just wow."
I rate it an okay because wafers are more Brother's thing.
And now we're going to do our conclusion. I guess we'll start with the worst yum and then progress to the favorite yum.
So what's your worst yum, Brother?
First one is probably the Goldilocks because that's one that I didn't really like.
The fudge bar because I didn't like the chocolate.
I think my two least favorite... one is definitely the cheese puffs.
And then the other... I'll say my other least favorite might be the Fudgee Barr Salted Caramel.
I liked the coconut but not the salted caramel because it was just it was a chocolate cake bar, and I just don't care for that.
And then the cheese puffs...
Next is the weirdest yum.  Let's do that one next.
I'll go first. Mine is the Coco Ube.
The Cupp Keyk Coco Ube.
Because cupcake and ube, I've never heard of that before.
So that's weird to me, and I also didn't care for that one too.
Maybe Boy Bawang...
No that one wasn't weird, it's just corn nuts.
It was weird to me. It was weird and good.
Now our you favorite yums. Pick two favorites.
I know one is probably the Egg Bites.
I'll do the Farmer John BBQ Sausage.
So Brother's favorites are the Egg Bites and the Farmer John BBQ Sausage chips.
And I'll just pick two.
I liked the Egg Bites.
I'll pick the Fudgee Bar Macapuno as my other favorite because I like the green coconut thing .
So that was our review of Universal Yum's Philippines.
But there's also many other countries you can get because it is a monthly subscription.
So with this subscription, you can taste popular snack items from different countries of the world, and I like that.
Because then you can discover what the
people there have and what is good.
And once again you can order this at the link in the description.
Bye bye.
