This person doesn't know anything it's been 84 years. What is this
Hey guys, I'm Veronica I'm Vanessa and today we are going to be googling
ourselves we've never really done this before and you know
I'm sure there's been a ton of stuff over the five years of doing YouTube that have accumulated on the Internet
Yes, but before we do that, please subscribe to our channel
we post new videos every
Single Tuesday and click the bell notification to get notified when we post because we post a bunch of random different videos, so please subscribe
Also, if you don't want to press the bell button, just come back every Tuesday. Yeah, so here we go
We're going to type in Merrell twins age merch
Merrell twins mom
Merrell twins college Merrell twins exposed
Merrell twins YouTube Merrell twins Twitter Merrell twins Instagram. They spelled our last name wrong our
Website MerrellTwins.com is really nice. So yeah, you should check that out. It gives you updates and news and stuff
See you guys. Look this is our website and there's all these things that you can look. So ok. So let's do ok
Let's go back to.. let's go to Wikipedia. I want to see what it says
Veronica Merrell and Vanessa Merrell born August 6 1996 known as the Merrell twins are identical American youtubers
Actresses comedians singers and songwriters and had a recurring role on Jane the virgin. Ok Merrell twins age
Let's see what pops up when age famous birthdays
That is not a good picture 21 years old, ok, I'm a leo, I want to see what people think how tall we are
Veronica Merrell bio wikiage height weight net worth. Let's see what this is. What who is
Veronica Merrell why that picture. Who is Veronica Merrell dating Veronica Merrell is not married yet
she was romantically involved with a fellow YouTube celebrity Dominic DeAngelis some time before but now she's reportedly single
That is not true, that's not true sorry Dom Dom is one of our really good friends
Oh, here we go. Okay. Quick facts about Veronica. Nickname is Veronica. My nickname is Roni
This person doesn't know anything ethnicity white
We're also half hispanic hobbies watching TV series
Ethnicity white I just said that I didn't hear you mother name unknown brother name unknown sister name Vanessa
Height in feet 5 feet 2 inches. Okay, that's right. Bra size
32b
I wish
Shoe size they're saying your foot is eight point five my foot
Is a 6 this is a 6
Mine is.. these socks are kinda dirty mine.. my foot is
Don't do that I almost fell backwards
I was gonna help you rest it I'm not that
flexible
Ok. Sorry. My foot is five and a half. Who is Vanessa Merrell?
Affairs and dating they got your nickname right!
Ok, so everyone... they're saying I'm still in a relationship. I'm not dating anyone. My hoodie broke
Ok, I'm single. They need to update that. Type in Veronica Veronica Merrell
Age boyfriend Twitter let's do boyfriend
First boyfriend tag who is Veronica Merrell dating? Let's look at pictures images for Veronica Merrell boyfriend
They exit off-Who is this? That's uh Link from Rhett and Link
They take his face out
Oh it was grow your boyfriend Okay. Oh, that's a correct one
This is an ex-boyfriend, yeah, that's me and this is not correct not correct. correct.
Are they really that tall
Or we're just that short. Okay. Let's move on. We're moving on. Okay. Should we do me now? Yeah, let's do you
Vane-
Hold on, let's just see what pops up
What images pop up? Oh, I know what I need to look up. images. Yeah, so wonderful
Vanessa Merrell
hot?!
I'm scared to click that. Oh
Yes, I'm just hot in general. I mean wow! do outfits see what pops up on all
Merrell twins on the hunt. Oh, this is like things that people
Put
To see where they got it from
That's a great outfit. Why is Kian there? Okay, I tell you I'll tell you right now where these things are from
This shirt right here that Roni's wearing that says fail and it's an ice cream's falling that's from a thrift store you cannot find that anywhere
Yeah, um this shirt with the little teddy bear and stuff no longer available
Both of those things are from forever 21 the bomber jacket and the tank top
Bangs, I liked you with bangs. I like that picture
Your bangs there look really cute. This is when I cut my own bangs
You cut your own bangs
Ya, like it kind of doesn't look like you cuz there's not we're not used to it here. Wait
Here I know what I want to type in something memes
When your parents say a bad joke, but you need $20
This is my favorite one, don't worry someone will love you someday. It's been 84 years
When you're home alone and you hear a noise
Why this face? are they all of you it's so funny
When a teacher gives homework over vacations I'm protesting! What's this?
When you see your best friend talking to their crush
What is this people tell me I have a big forehead
These are so funny
there's so many of these memes your crush her sister her ex her father you
Funny face. Why? I look so weird there
That's a cute face that's not funny
What's that?
That's weird I do not like that
Other girls I can't eat in front of guys. Yeah. I don't have any problem eating in front of guys. I
except tacos, I wanted to see what people are saying about us
There's not much of there's not bad things on here about us. Oh I wanted there to be dirt
I wanted to get the inside scoop of the Merrell twins
Feet feet what
What is this Vanessa Merrell feet
This is the weirdest web site. wikifeet the collab-
Collaborative celebrity feet website. I don't even want to look at mine. I kind of do. Eww
I hate my feet
But why is this like a thing?
I hate my toes. That's what I just hate. I can't stand my toes. I feel like I have the ugliest toes
My feet are rated beautiful
What are my feet rated? oh my gosh. wait. I want to see what my feet are rated
I've got beautiful feet. Gosh, that makes me feel so much better
Here's the real rating
160 total votes
160 people have voted on your feet three people think your feet are ugly
Five think it's bad 18 think they're okay 23 think they're are nice and 1,100. What?
111 people think they're beautiful
Merrell twins leaked leaked
Roni's booty
I want to see Roni's booty
So sexy, okay Merrell
Twins fans, I want to see if we see any of you guys
Oh
Tour. Oh Alexis Oh, look at that baby. That baby was so cute. Brent Rivera is a fan
What
Steven Spielberg is a fan. He's a fan of Merrell twins it comes up
When you type in fans, okay, so it's prove he is a fan. Tiger's a fan. Let's do quiz, okay
Take a quiz how well do you know the Merrell twins? All right. Let's see this
Let's play made by I am Francine who is older? Veronica
I am how many minutes is Veronica older than Vanessa?
45
What's the name of their dog? Pulie?
Fluffy or
tiger the name of my dog is a Puli Puli which one of them has a crush on Cameron Dallas Oh
That crush has kind of died out what is Veronica's nickname? Nica Veroni Ronica Roni
What's Vanessa's nickname? Nesa Nessa
Oh, she's trying to get you there. But two S's, when did they hit two million subscribers?
I actually don't know this
Okay, hold on. We hit 3 million subscribers like like two days after we originally hit
Two, I think it was March 2nd
What time did they hit... WHAT TIME????
Oh 12am, that's right, remember? You are a real Merrell twins fan
Are you more like Vanessa or more like Veronica, where was that?
Let's play
Made by Priya choose bottom should I choose first? yeah you choose you go hmmm
I like those
Choose a top Oh durn choose a jacket Merrell twins merch Merrell twins merch
What's your mood happy? I'm happy. Who do you think is the cuter twin?
both
Thank goodness. You put an answer for both. And your result is I got Vanessa
Quotes look up quotes. I rather hear your voice then read your words. Oh
That's cute. Cuz you on your phone look at that dinosaur phone case though
We love how kind and supportive everyone is to each other and that's what being a Twinner is all about Vanessa Merrell. Oh
I said that once and winners never win that's.. that's a quote
Oh
I posted this we get so worried about being pretty let's be pretty pretty kind pretty funny
Pretty smart pretty strong. I always wanted to like look up like Merrell twins funny moments
Let's look up Merrell twins funny moments
best of Veronica and try not to laugh or grin challenge
Okay, try not to laugh or grin challenge. You can't laugh or grind
We lost already
We did it we googled ourselves
Thank you guys so much for being the best friends we could ever ask for you guys are amazing supporters of everything we do
Yeah
Part of the reason why we don't have a lot of drama or hate partially because of you guys you guys
Treat us very kindly and very nice. And so thank you for that
Yeah
Thank you for encouraging us and thank you for all the edits you do and all the memes you make and all the quotes you
Quote, they're all so funny and we really appreciate all of them. So thank you so so much. Yeah
we love you guys and
Thanks for watching
If you like this video give it a thumbs up and make sure to subscribe to our channel by clicking the circle button right here
If you click this circle button right here
You can subscribe to our second channel and click one of the boxes down below to see some of our other videos we have done
And we will see you guys next time. Bye
