Welcome to my new video, I am Harees Ameerali currently here in Philippines.
When we say Philippines we know that fish is one of their main food item.
As they even consume fish dried and even raw, as it's one of the favorite item.
I stopped here on my way back from Hundred Islands,
so we will take a look at this market.
I did post a video before this and if you haven't seen it
make sure to watch those episode about Hundred Islands.
And we stopped our vehicle and this is the vehicle we traveled in
as we saw tons of stores on either side of the street
they are selling fish items and dry fishes mostly.
You'll see shops that sell fried items back home
and they have stores specially for dried fish
If you check things out you'll see from small prawns to different dried fish
There is no foul scent around this place as it's normal scent
and you won't feel disgusted mostly
as they have most of the fish items out here
As they have tons of fishes here, I don't even know the names of most fishes here.
This is one of the important thing to show you while talking about Philippines
As they have different sauces that are made by fish and even sauces that they add on fish
So that's what you see here in the shop so lets walk around and explore.
So this is the vehicle we traveled most of my Philippines trip.
Even though we had 4 wheel drive facility and off road feature we had to use their vehicle at certain places.
This seems like a place just for the fish items
We have sene places for fresh fish but this is just for dried and BBQ fish
Each shop have their own names and this market is mostly working for 24 hours
And you'll see the fish market opposite to it, speaking of the land it resembles Kerala.
As they have farms and fields etc.
Just behind us there is a large water body not something with waves
But something as calm as the one we saw in Hundred Islands
And they have fishes caught form the sea behind it
This is one of their tasty and expensive fish
As it cost 350 Peso
Which converts to 450 INR
But if you buy it form the restaurant it'll be priced based on the size
And you can see small and large fishes with dried fish
You'll see stores that sell raw fish
And they have similar fish as us
And this fish is often seen when you squba dive or go for undersea walk
I have seen these before
And they use this fish for making curry etc
They have octopus and squid etc
They have crabs of different sizes
And pictures that you see behind them are from the candidates for election
And this is oyster meat
I am not buying anything and not asking for the price
And they have more fishes as we walk down
He is eating raw prawns
Woah
He ate it raw and enjoyed it
They have more large fish for sale
This is not even their main market but this is just a road side section
There are tons of items for sale that's related to fish and sea food
and they are selling an runnign the stall
There are many fishes here only cuz of the sea behind us
So these are the visuals here at the market here
We should always mention fish because it's their main food culture
So we will see mroe and it's my third day here so I wanted to show you the market
I didn't buy anything due to the fact that I stay at a hotel
So make sure to subscribe if you haven't and do share and like.
As your support is what fuels me to do more content
Will see you again next time!
I may look tired as I came back after the Philippines Hundred Islands trip
And I took alot of effort and tons of restless trip for bringing you Philippines content.
