Taeyang, BTS, EXO, oh my! I feel like I used that joke already. Yo whats up everybody its your boy JRE.
I'm back home came back from New York. I was there for Taeyang
I stayed there extra for a little birthday weekend, and it was amazing actually.
Literally, I love the Taeyang concert. It was actually one of my favorite concerts
Maybe because I'm like he's my ultimate bias, but he did his thing for me. I was excited
I became a little fanboy some issue went down there
I'll get more into that a little bit later. I mean there's a video up there for y'all to watch the little little
thing that happened between us
But right now
BTS drop love yourself
Her
Serendipity comeback trailer people been telling me yo JRE. Got check this out. I'm like yo, bro yelled em
I'm about to (laughs) that is not even my actual laugh. I don't know where that laugh came from that
I don't I don't laugh like that. That's a lot. That's not my real laugh
You played yourself, anyways. Let's get into this. Let's go let's begin
This is how long is this? Two minutes and 32 seconds? You spoiling me.
BTS let's get it let's go come on um ser-serendipity. Let's go.
Did I get it? I don't know if I got it, Im not sure
All right, let me see this;
Ooh is that eye contacts?
Wait!
Shocked
Wait I didn't expect singing like it's a comeback trailer though. Oh, you, you trying to get me
You gon' touch that cactus yo, what the
feet too? he's teasing
Oh, you cut yourself? Let me fix you. Oh, that's the universe. You tell me your blood is the universe?
Okay
'When you touch me'(lyrics) I mean only if you want me to.
I mean what?!
Yoo, this some cute ish
To be honest if I was Jimin, I would do the same thing to be honest, I'll teach the F out of everyone
Oh this is beautiful. What the hell?! The Eclipse
Cats
Yo, is this gon' be my song? My BTS song now? Nah, it's still gonna be House of Cards, but damn
This pretty Wow
I just want to stare in his eyes low-key, high-key
I mean
Yo, I just can't help staring into your eyes, bro. The hell?
pause wait first of all Jimin's lips
Yes, you can tell I am touching the screen
Yo, thats some good ass lips, bro. What am I doing? Those are eye contacts obviously, but it look good
I don't know how y'all put eye contacts on the whole day
It kind of bothers me, so I don't think I am I ever gonna do it
Maybe I'll do it again one other time last time on Dragon Ball Z
He's doing really well for the first time alright
But the only time I did it was the collab with Ivan (Ivan Lam) you're gonna go check it out link in description down below
Nice earrings I'm just- I'm just studying your face right now like you already sang to me
Let me appreciate you because you gave me something let me give something back to you and just like
Touch your lips what's wrong with me. It's wrong boy. BTS
Serendipity yo what the hell this shot, though. What the hell?
This is like you under the covers with me, babe
Mmm
You already know what the song is talking about and he brings in his feet like that like some kind of weird
Like I say scary movie, but you know I'm not a big feet person
But I guess there's people that love feet so I can't I can't say anything your blood is the universe or galaxy
Chill
I already know someone made a cute gif of this. What?
For real? Yo, these freakin trailers are gonna kill like all these trailers are coming out. I'm just realised I like
I'm not ready yo, I'm just gonna look at this off camera all these teases that came out I'm just gonna look at them
Cuz this is just beautiful look at this this is making my face beautiful
Then light the stars in the blue sky in the blue night sky is making my face beautiful right now
That's how it just blessed me back look at me. I can model now
Anyway, thank you guys for watching like this video share this video and subscribe. This your boy JRE from JREKML (subscribe!) Love you all my sexy, beautiful people! Keep on jreaming, Jreamers dream, believe, do, repeat!
If you have a dream like that put some hard work into it and it might just come true for real. Just hit a mili mili subscribers. Thank y'all
I don't know. I-I want to make a special video for y'all just for a million subscribers
I want to do something different, uh maybe when I'm in Korea. I just want to thank y'all man
Thank y'all for everything
I had a good birthday weekend a million subscribers on my birthday like what-what can I what else can I ask for for my like?
My Jreamers like thank you. I didn't expect to reach this far
But I'm glad I'm able to with y'all
Because it's all about y'all that made me reach this point Thank you guys for watching like this video share this video
subscribe, I said that already
I'm just emotional. Alright y'all bye for now. Hey you better subscribe
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
