Hello Travelers (byaheros) , in this video I went to Frankfurt to renew my passport. I took the chance to visit their Christmas Market as it is still open.
Most of the German Christmas market are closed due to pandemic :( .
However, the Christmas market this year also have social distancing.
Usually, Christmas market is a crowded place during Holiday Season. 
This video would be my Christmas episode! For this year.
I hope that you can visualize how they celebrate the Christmas season in Germany from this video. 
I think every town in Germany, they have their own Christmas market.
Right now, I'm eating beef Goulash, bread and with Christmas beer.
Dessert is Churros!
I ordered gluhwein (mulled wine).
5 Euro however with deposit its 8 Euro, i have to return the Cup/Mug. 
I feel the kick of alcohol, because the Christmas beer is 7% alcholol content.
Now I think I will get headache by taking this wine! hahaha
I hope I am with my wifey right now! We really get along in stupid or non-stupid things hahaha
This will be the last for today, and I will go back to the hotel! 
Sorry guys, Santa stopped by and also getting a mulled wine. That's why your presents are delayed, haha.
The Christmas beer alcohol content is really greater than Red Horse, I think!
Normally these are the foods in Germany, except the Christmas beer is only seasonal :) .
It was 2 Degrees when I was here.
When the wind blows, it's really freezing!
Guys, continue to join me until the end of the Video.
At the near end, we will have some trivia, or words commonly used in Christmas season! Here in Germany.
Additional knowledge for us, especially to the foreigners!
They have also good Christmas Decors!
Ok so here it is Knowledge Time Folks!!!
Let us learn those Christmas words that the people here use during this time of the year.
December 5 - Nikolaustag
If you are a stubborn kid! You will get a piece of wood.
If you are good, you will get chocolates or sweets! From the people around you.
I think that's enough words for now, haha.
The video ends here. Have a merry Christmas and a have new year.
Always ride safe in the next year of cycling. Tschüss = Bye!
