Hey, guys! Good morning! Today is the day of my flight.
I am not yet done packing, actually,
because I waited for some packages that
arrived last minute today.
And, one of those is this Chaser roller skates.
I actually want to bring it but now, I'm thinking
where am I going to insert this in my suitcase because...
That's my suitcase. I haven't closed it yet.
But now, I'm very skeptical
because its size is too big for me. It doesn't fit me so,
I'm thinking if it is worth it to bring or
it might be just a waste because it is heavy.
Anyway, today guys,
I will just take you with me in my
travel journey
back to the States,
in New York, because the airport we are going to land at is in New York
because I live in jersey.
Right now, I'm more on packing and
finalizing the things that I have to bring.
Hopefully, I don't forget anything so, yeah.
By the way, I'm just vlogging on my phone because
my camera is already packed and all that so,
there. Please bear with this quality.
So we are just going to insert dirty clothes
inside this.
Yes! Wooh!
Hey, guys! So it's 4:04 pm now.
We are going to leave at 4:30.
I'm at the same flight with my older sister and my grandmother so, yeah.
We are together later.
I'm just getting ready for a little bit
and...
I will not put on too much makeup because we are going to put mask anyway.
I just put some
color on my lips and then,...
I think I will go out like this.
I will just tie my hair and then, I'm good to go.
Wait, I will just dry my hair a little bit.
I have no blower because I already packed it.
I don't want to open everything anymore. Actually, I didn't do lots of skin care.
I just put on some moisturizer, just the one
here in my cabinet so...
Okay, I'll show you guys my outfit.
Outfit of the day,
this top is from Cotton On,
my bottoms are from @cnashoppe on Instagram,
this bag is from Lexy Belle shop on Instagram as well
and then, my shoes are from...
I mean, my shoes are Nike Air Force 1 shadows and then,
since it's hot,
I will wear my jacket later but I have a jacket. I will get it later. So,
yeah. This is just my airport outfit.
Let's put this down.
Yeah. I like it this way. It is uneven.
I know I said this is the bag I'm going to bring
but of course,
I have a backpack as my hand carry so
later, I will put this inside here but, yeah.
Now, I will put this inside first because I need to weigh my backpack.
I hope it doesn't exceed
7 kilos, I think.
Okay so, it is just around 6 kilos.
I'm good.
Hello! We are leaving now.
[Grandmother] Okay go ahead, vlog it.
Ma!
Hi!
[Grandmother] Don't show my tummy!
[Grandmother] I haven't worn my t-shirt yet!
Okay, let's go!
It's raining!
Mama, explain it.
-We are here at the airport now.
-We are here now.
It's raining and they just let us stay outside.
[Grandmother] Go. We are going to [expose] it.
Here, Mama. There's a lighting here. Say it again. There's a lighting here.
Here. As you can see, it is raining here outside.
There. We are here at the airport now
and the queue is too long. We are here outside.
So our airline got called already
and we can enter soon.
They don't use a mic or speak loudly
so people just queue anywhere.
It's also raining, I swear.
Here outside, social distancing is not being practiced.
That's the situation when we arrived at NAIA. I'm not sure if it is still like that until now
but for those residents like us
who need to travel back home during this time of pandemic, I think, just be aware.
Update: We were able to enter now
after getting wet from the rain.
I hope none of us gets a fever
because we got wet from the rain outside.
Here guys, when you enter inside, social distancing is being practiced
unlike outside, it is very crowded. And then,
next that we had to do is to go through this security scanner thing.
And then during this time, we were in a queue
to check in our baggage to our airline.
And then as you can see, there are a lot of people.
I think they are also US residents
traveling during this time of pandemic.
And then, it's just us. I don't know what we're doing. Hi Mama.
And then, it's just us again
trying to be cute. It was a long queue, guys, as in.
And then there, we were just in a queue.
Hi guys! So we are about to enter the boarding gate.
We are done going through the immigration
and the final security check.
So now, we are going to the Gate 7.
So there, we are in Gate 7. When we went down here in Gate 7 guys,
they just checked our temperature and then, we looked for a spot or space.
Seats are separated for social distancing that's why there's no space for us anymore.
Other people are just sitting on the floor like me, like us. So, there.
Okay, so there are available seats now.
This time guys, we are almost boarding.
There.
And by the way, Asiana airlines is our airline
because with PAL, Oh my, we can't go home because of PAL 
because our flight keeps getting cancelled.
And then yes, we have a stop over in Korea. Later, you'll see.
So here, we are boarding the plane.
Social distancing is being practiced.
We are sitting now.
Halfway through the flight, they gave us these health declaration forms.
We have to fill this up especially the yellow one and
we have to submit this at the airport in Korea.
And then also, it's just food time.
It's porridge, guys. It's porridge.
We are now here in Korea.
I'm just waiting for my grandmother and my older sister there
because they are submitting the form, the yellow paper that I showed you a while ago.
We just filled it out then submitted it here in Korea.
And then, they checked my temperature then,
I was able to pass here.
Okay, so now that we landed already in South Korea,
we had to go through another security screening.
We had to do this before we proceed to the boarding gate
and our boarding gate this time is Gate 15.
So, yeah.
Now guys, we are looking for Gate 15
so we can lounge near that gate
so we are not that far when we are almost going to board another plane
since we are on a connecting flight.
So, we are here at the boarding gate now, Gate 15.
By the way guys, our whole 5 hour overlay in Korea,
we did not stroll around. We just stayed there at the boarding gate.
Me, I honestly just slept there on those chairs
for the whole 5 hours. I know it's so shameless but it's because I was really, really tired.
My eyes hurt so much so I removed my contact lenses
and then, there's a very flattering photo of me sleeping.
And then when I woke up, we are boarding again.
There.
There's a plane but that's not where we boarded.
On the other plane, yeah, right there.
There, I was very haggard, you know, very, very tired
So, there. We are boarding the plane.
It's shaky, guys.
I can't eat.
Okay guys, halfway flight to New York from Korea,
they gave us this leaflet just about the pandemic guidelines.
And then, they also gave us these snacks, Korean snacks.
Those are so sweet guys, I swear.
And then-- Oops, we are not halfway.
It's about three hours away to New York because we were around Seattle.
And then, here's just me. I went to the CR because I wanted to freshen up.
I was so, oh my gosh, haggard, ugly, so...
What kind of hair is this?
Sorry, just woke up.
So, right now...
This one is mine but I'm going to exchange it with my older sister's.
[Older sister] I want rice.
I want-- What are those? Are those potatoes?
Yehey!
[Flight announcement] Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to New York John F. Kennedy International Airport.
Bye!
We are walking in the parking lot.
Hello New York! It's a sunny New York today.
Last time I arrived here, it was winter. It was so cold.
Oh, it bumped!
I'm home!
Oh my! There are trees now!
Last time, there were no trees because it was winter.
Wow, so nice here.
I missed my room!
Okay, I will not yet go around the room. I need to...
So, there. I'll get back to you guys in a while.
Hi guys! I just finished taking a bath and
I can already feel my skin breaking out.
As in, my breakouts are all in this part.
I feel like this is really from the mask,
from wearing a mask for the past months.
Right now guys, I'm really, really tired.
I just want to insert this clip to do the outro.
So, thank you so much guys for watching this video.
I hope you enjoyed somehow with me taking you guys
in my travel back to Jersey.
Yes, I live in Jersey so, there.
Thank you so much guys again for watching this video
and I'll see you in my next one. I'll try to catch up immediately with the videos.
I will just rest for now. So, there.
Bye, guys!
