Oh! look at that. - Wow this
is beautiful, look at that Joey.
Two teams of three creative people each will 
start in Berlin and travel in opposite directions.
One team goes east,
 the other one goes west.
They want to make it to the other side of the world -
Japan only by traveling from one friend to another.
Cuz we're at Debbie's kitchen, so Debbie comes out and is like filming me, filming the squid and I was like - Hello?
Can we have a picture with
you with all the staff? - Sure.
Yuujou!
So at that restaurant that we were 
at, they wanted to hang out with us
and so we ended up having a free day tomorrow
so they wanted to take us to some waterfalls.
This is the worst mess we ever had. What
are your thoughts Joey? - One of the worst.
I mean I spread out a lot in Quezon but Philippines 
I think we're getting messier and messier as we go.
Alright so that back up with Debbie and Twinkle and 
we're about to go explore and to follow these guys.
Super excited.
I know I'm tiny but it's still cramped
for me. - This is her little seat.
We went to this waterfall, which was pretty
cool, mostly because of the transportation
and because we had such a great
time with Debbie and her daughter.
We are at Hinulugang Taktak in
Antipolo city. - It's a beautiful waterfall.
And after that we went with the tricycle, with all of
us. I mean it's even hard with two people in there
because it's such a tiny little space you have and
me and Joey, we were sitting on the motorbike,
behind the guy who was driving. So it was all like 
really crapped and packed and it was so much fun.
We really had to hold on
really tight not to fall.
So I just said okay, I can go here and I
was holding, pretending I was very tough
but to be very  honest, I was
 scared. - This is crazy.
Oh we finally got to ride in the 
jeeps which we've been looking at
and they look so cool. These like long, I don't know, just
extended cars that everybody hops in and hops out of.
You'll see like person after person after person, 
so many people get in and out of these things.
So we've been wanting to try it out the whole time and 
finally Debbie said: Okay we're gonna take one of these.
A Jeep and then back home. It's been 
awesome day with these guys, so much fun.
I'm going for a hike 
right now, up there.
I am in the middle of the jungle. This is 
what happens when mosquitoes love you.
They just started biting me everywhere, and they're 
biting me. And I still am in the beginning of this trail.
I don't know
if we're lost.
It's like a sauna inside
there. I am dying.
He's still going. 
Many people gave up.
It's beautiful here.
It was mind-blowing, amazing. We had a lot of fun 
and then we decided to go and park on the beach.
It's just for us, for nobody else. It's just amazing.
All of this sun, all of this beach, just for us.
Some places in Hawaii just look like paradise,
except my hair but it's okay. So beautiful.
Guys, I feel so blessed. I never thought I'd come here 
to Hawaii. Absolutely amazing. This place is beautiful,
it's literally a honey pot like everyone says 
when I meet them and we talk, it's a honey pot.
So good.
How're you? - Good.
Hello Carly. - Hi, how're you?
There's so many people here. How did this
happen? Is it a good celebration for something?
Oh no this is just to meet you guys. So you guys 
are here and that's my mom and then Taro
who I am connecting you guys with. And he brought 
his family, and uncle Rob who's also a family friend.
Oh yeah that's my family. It was on a cruise to 
Alaska, my mom and I have matching dresses
and my brother and his little man tux. This is my room I did a kind of a painting or like a mural on the walls.
and throughout my wall are handprints from all 
of my friends, So I started this in middle school
because I was moving to a different high 
school and each handprint is from a friend.
They wrote a message or sign their name. 
- It's a cool thing to make. It's a good idea actually,
maybe I'll copy this.
- Yeah.
I'm sending you guys to
Yuki, she is a family friend.
Our friend from Yuujou community, Adrian Mendoza,
he applied for Yuujou in November last year.
He's such a loving guy as well. We've been meeting 
awesome people seriously, this is my favorite part
from all of it - meeting new people and getting to 
know their soul,  getting to know them as a person,
their personality, the way they treat others, their stories
- this for me is just like the cherry on the cake.
I am Adrian and I am from the Philippines.
We are now in our hometown, Tagaytay city.
How long is the drive? - About 
20 to 30 minutes.  -All right.
I'm too big for that.
That is Taal Volcano and in a while we're 
gonna be up there and in a crater.
First time I'm gonna 
be in a volcano, Yeah!
I asked him: Is it gonna be easy all the way up? 
He's like wait five minutes. There we go. - I'm tired.
She bought me coconut juice. 
- Yes, very cold. - Thank you.
Yeah they put it on the ice.
- Perfect, that's the way I love it.
Gonna be the best coconut we've 
ever had, on top of this mountain.
What's your name? - Karina.
- Thank you so much ma'am.
You don't have to rush. - God 
bless you all. First customers.
Sir what's your name? - Joey. - Nice 
meeting you Joey. Nice meeting you too.
It was such a fun hike. It was so hot we were 
all pouring sweat but that's part of it I guess.
Yeah we get up there and the scenery was 
just absolutely amazing. Seeing the volcano
had created as crater with a little island on the inside 
and then it was water, it was just absolutely stunning,
seeing like going from land to water to land to water, 
back to land - I don't think there's many places
like that in the world.
Good for the skin.
Smell like what?
- Sulphur, rotten eggs.
So Adrian and I went to go get boba tea
and on the way we passed by a church
and there's a wedding at 3 p.m. today. Adrian 
talked to some people and so it's in one hour
and we can go. - Wake up Paula, 
wake up wake up wake up.
So we found the wedding but we didn't really have
clothes, so Adrian showed me this place- Ukay Ukay.
Which literally means to take.
So you just dig and find clothes.
You found some? I found two things,
I couldn't really see if it's my size.
The first things I saw, I 
don't know if it's gonna fit.
About 20 minutes until the wedding starts, the girls are in there, changing and trying to find something to wear.
I hope we get there on time. So we got the clothes, we have about 10 minutes to get there. We have to rush.
What is the best way to go in?
When the bride and groom welcomed 
us up on stage, that was really really big
because that's kind of when it transferred 
to from we're crashing a wedding,
to now we're actually attending
and being a part of this wedding
and being with this family and they just showing
us how kind and amazing the Filipino culture is.
The people that got married, they're my 
grandparents. I was born in the Philippines,
I was raised in America. -What's your favorite thing about 
your grandparents? -They do a lot of things together
and I think that's what's very important. It's always 
together, a team effort, whenever they do things.
Congratulations for your day. - Thank you. It's my 50th 
anniversary. So you are marrying for a second time
with the same husband?
-  Yeah, for the third time.
So we are going for 
tea with our next host.
The next friend was Yuki and she's 19 years
old and the friends she wanted us to send
were in Japan and they were all busy so we could 
not go to Japan. So what's gonna happen now?
Yuki is gonna send
us to your father.
Okay I send you guys to my dad, he lives with us 
of course, but yeah I think he will be a very good person.
I am Taro Fujisawa. I am 59 years old. I'm from
Japan originally but I've been living here in Hawaii.
Amazing people, very kind. They were very 
concerned, they realized it's an important step for us
so they made a lot of phone calls and
 the father then sent us his best friend.
My best friend is just an impeccable friend. I wouldn't 
trade him for anything, our friendship, for anything.
His name is Keitaro Fujii.
Before the journey started, I was totally convinced that 
we'll make it but during the trip I was very concerned.
Actually, I didn't believe it anymore that we will 
make it in 100 days to Tokyo and then it happened,
and this is amazing. 
This is really amazing.
I'm really excited to meet Joey and Paula and Renata
and I really want to meet her from really close
and give her a hug and Team Yuujou after all this, for
the last two or three days, it's going to be Team Yuujou
and not Team East,
Team West.
We are here with Cris. -And we're
at Matchbox in Quezon City.
For our friends whose house burned down, and I 
would also like to welcome our friends from Yuujou.
I'm sending you guys to my older cousin who's
like an older brother. He's in Nagano, Japan
and he's a pianist and a singer.
Yuujou, here to make friends.
Alarm just went off and we are going to Japan, 
we're all super excited although we couldn't sleep.
Right Joey? -Japan!!
We all have experienced so much and if I see those 
pictures from Team West, I'm like: God's that's amazing,
where they've been, and I wonder how much they 
have changed and how they've grown in this adventure.
I am really really happy and I cannot wait to meet all 
the Yuujou family like I mean all the other travelers.
To see Team West again soon, I'm so
excited to finally meet Jed, I cannot wait.
He seems like a super awesome 
dude and I'm so excited to meet him.
How they are? I'm just really looking forward 
to seeing them again and to hug them again
and it'll still be:
 Oh my gosh!
Do you like this video? Don't forget to
subscribe and if you want to see more,
click here or here. Do it, click click 
click. It's so hot hot hot. It's hot.
