The Philippines is a country that's made up
of over 7,000 islands that are filled with
stunning lakes and beaches, all of which have
their own unique wildlife. The country is
located at the coral triangle, a region having
more fish and coral species than any other
area on the planet. Tropical reefs are the
world's richest marine ecosystems, and those
found in the Philippines have an unrivaled
richness of life and color. And because of
its rich marine ecosystem, The Philippines
is home to dozens of rare and endemic fish
species.
Before we begin, be sure to hit the like button
to help us out! Now, here are ten rare fish
species found in the Philippines.
Number 10:
Lobed River Mullet
If you've watched our videos before, you're
probably already aware of this species. If
you haven't seen that video yet, click the
pop up above. Anyways, the Lobed river mullet
or, locally known as ludong is a species of
mullet that live in freshwater. They are known
for their distinct flavor and scent after
being cooked, making them extremely sought
after for the preparation of delectable food.
They are the most costly fish in the country,
with a mature fish weighing around 0.25 kg
to 2 kg and costing 4,000-5,000 pesos per
kilo. Because it is seasonal and difficult
to catch, it commands a premium market price.
While the lobed river mullet is said to be
endemic to the Cagayan River basin, verifiable
and credible reports have listed areas such
as Fiji as places where they can be found.
Because of their precarious status, the Ludong
is actually on the verge of becoming an endangered
species. In fact, data acquired from Cagayan
fish dealers revealed that the volume of ludong
capture has been steadily declining year after
year.
Number 9:
Humphead Wrasse
This species reigns supreme over the coral
reefs. The humphead wrasse, named because
of the bulge on its head, can reach six feet
in length, weigh up to 400 pounds, and live
for 30 years. Male Humphead wrasses can reach
a length of 2 meters and typically weigh around
180 kg, while the females are slightly smaller.
The two black lines located behind their eyes,
large lips, and a hump that looks like their
forehead are all distinguishing features of
this species. They also come in a range of
colors, from blue-green to purplish-blue.
This rare fish is not only beautiful but also
plays a critical role in the health of coral
reefs. Crustaceans, mollusks, other fish,
echinoderms, sea urchins, and other invertebrates
are among the sea animals eaten by these fish.
Unfortunately, the population of this species
is in decline due to a variety of factors
such as unreported, and unregulated illegal
fishing. Humphead wrasse' were once solely
eaten by royalty, but they are now highly
sought after in east Asia's luxury food business.
Number 8:
Megamouth Shark
Yes, sharks are fish. Back in 2009, Fishermen
in the Philippines caught a megamouth shark,
one of the rarest fish species in the world,
and ate it shortly after. The 500kg megamouth
died in their net off the coast of Burias
Island in the central part of the Philippines.
This rare fish has a striking appearance,
but not much is known about the species. They
have a brownish-black top and a white underbelly,
as well as an uneven tail with a long upper
lobe, similar to a thresher shark. Unlike
most sharks, the megamouths are filter-feeders
with a calm demeanor and mostly feed on plankton.
Their blubbery mouths are approximately one
meter wide and bordered with a bright silver
ring. According to the World Wildlife Fund,
just 40 additional shark sightings have ever
been documented. The fish was tagged Megamouth
41, and is the world's 41st megamouth, according
to the Florida Museum of Natural History.
It was also only the eighth megamouth to ever
be discovered in Philippine waters.
Number 7:
Clown Frogfish
Frogfish are discovered in practically all
tropical and subtropical oceans and seas around
the world, including the Philippine seas.
In the Philippines, they may be found in Dauin
and Apo Island, and Mactan. Clown frogfish,
like all frogfishes, are ferocious predators
that will attack any tiny animal that comes
into its "strike range," which are primarily
fish. They are small, short, and stocky, with
spinules and other detailing on their bodies
that help them camouflage. The camouflage
protects them from predators and allows them
to attract prey. Their prey can range in size
from small to as large as they are. These
rare animals have what's called biofluorescence,
which means that when exposed to blue or ultraviolet
light, it re-emits it as red and appears differently
from when exposed to white light.
Number 6:
Zebrafish
Zebrafish are a popular aquarium fish native
to South Asia, sometimes sold under the trade
name zebra danio. They’re usually found
in Laguna Lake and Taal Lake in the Philippines
but they can also be found in other parts
of South and Southeast Asia. They're usually
swimming in streams, canals, ditches, oxbow
lakes, ponds, and rice paddies, preferring
shallow water that is stagnant to moderately
flowing. This rare fish gets its name from
the five horizontal, pigmented blue stripes
on the side of the body that extends to the
end of the caudal fin, resembling zebra stripes.
Their mouths are pointed upwards and their
bodies are laterally compressed. They are
omnivorous, feeding primarily on zooplankton,
phytoplankton, insects, and insect larvae,
although they can also eat worms and small
crustaceans if their preferred food sources
aren't readily accessible.
We're now halfway through our video. If you're
still with us, comment the fish and philippine
flag emoji down below!
Number 5:
Pelagic Thresher
The pelagic thresher shark is one of three
types of thresher sharks, all of which have
very long tails. The open ocean is home to
the pelagic thresher, which may be found at
the surface, or up to a depth of at least
500 feet. The color of the pelagic thresher
is unique compared to other thresher species.
When alive or extremely fresh, this species'
dorsal surface color is blue-gray but fades
to a pale gray shortly after death. The long
upper caudal-fin lobes of these sharks are
immediately identifiable, and they are used
to hunt small pelagic species such as anchovies,
sardines, hake, mackerel, and squid. In fact,
they get their name from the long, scythe-like
tail that they use to swat and stun fish before
devouring them. They're generally not a threat
to humans, but they are sometimes preyed upon
by top-level predators such as killer whales
and larger sharks.
Number 4:
Knifetooth Sawfish
Also known as the Narrow sawfish or the Pointed
sawfish, the knifetooth sawfish can be found
in the warm areas of the Indo-Pacific Ocean,
which includes the Philippines. This species
can survive a wide range of salinity and can
live in both estuarine and marine habitats.
They are usually found larger offshore, and
inversely, are smaller inshore. Moreover,
females are more often found offshore. The
long, narrow, and flattened protrusion on
their snout are what instantly distinguishes
them from the other species. Due to their
small size, they're not really considered
prey and can actually be quite friendly to
humans. However, when threatened, they will
often flail their heads from side to side
trying to protect themselves, which can cause
significant injuries to a human.
Number 3:
Ornate Eagle Ray
One of the few eagle ray species lacking a
stinging barb, the ornate eagle ray are strong
swimmers who have been known to leap many
meters into the air. The ornate eagle ray
is the largest of the three species in the
genus and is a rare ray that has not been
observed in large numbers since its discovery
in 1852. On its back, the Ornate eagle ray
has a characteristic pattern of reticulate
black lines and rings with a disc diameter
of roughly 240 cm. Although the Ornate eagle
ray was previously plentiful, it is now considered
rare in places like the Philippines, even
in remote protected marine zones. Demersal
fisheries, which are fisheries that catch
fish on or close to the sea bed, are often
placed in their habitat and are the most serious
threat this species face. They are generally
kept and sold in fish markets after being
caught, and unfortunately, there have been
no species-specific conservation measures
yet implemented.
Number 2:
Roa rumsfeldi
The Roa Rumsfeldi was first discovered in
2016 in the twilight zone depths of around
400 feet on the Philippine reefs found in
Oriental Mindoro and Batangas. In contrast
to the other Roa specimens, this species features
vertical white and brown stripes on the ventral
fin and a black spine. The reduced amount
of pored scales in the lateral line, longer
snout, shorter caudal fin, pelvic fin color,
and genetics are key distinctions that make
the Roa rumsfeldi different from others in
its genus. The name honors Donald Rumsfeld,
the former US Secretary of Defense, because
he once said, "there are known knowns; there
are things we know we know. We also know there
are known unknowns; that is to say, we know
there are some things we do not know. But
there are also unknown unknowns – the ones
we don’t know we don’t know”, somehow,
this applies to this species.
You're nearly at the end of our video! Before
we continue, make sure you're subscribed.
That way, you'll always be notified of our
future videos.
Number 1:
Velifer hypselopterus
This fish is so rare that there are only around
ten images of a live one on the internet.
Fortunately, we've compiled a bunch of them
for you. Danny Ocampo, a Filipino marine conservationist,
was visiting his normal underwater areas at
Batangas on March 29 when something caught
his eye. “It appears to be a young batfish,
but it has a strange appearance,” Ocampo
thought to himself. He aimed his camera at
the weird little critter and managed to snap
a single photo. He had no idea that he had
just made history in a matter of seconds.
The fish he photographed turned out to be
the elusive Velifer hypselopterus, which ended
up being the first sighting of the species
in the Philippines. Veliferids are extremely
rare and only have a few museum specimens.
Sri Lanka, Taiwan, and Australia are the only
countries to have ever collected the rare
species. Because it's so rare, we, unfortunately,
don't really know much about this creature.
Hey thanks for watching! Want to suggest a
video or have something to say? Lеt uѕ knоw
in thе comment section below.
Check out our Wildlife playlist for more videos
like this one.
