welcome back to our YouTube channel and
welcome into reaction room with mommy
Drew and Mike
tonight guys Micah started me in
reaction room if you're new to our
channel go on ahead with it subscribe
leave a like comment down below and give
us a big thumbs up if you're returning
we want to say thank you. Thank you-thank you- thank you guys so much! Continue to leave your suggestions down below!
tonight guys we're going to be doing a
first-time reaction to the TNT boy I
invited Mike in with me because I know
that this is a boy group okay hey I
know they're from the Philippines and it
was suggested people have been asking
for me to react to them
so Mike's gonna join me in here tonight
we're gonna do this we actually out
further adue he's gonna take one of
these I'm gonna take the other I hope we
don't break them just don't touch the
equipment in their reaction room. I am in
control of this, on the count of three we're
gonna watch the TNT boys do their thing
this is their performance to flashlight
have you ever heard flashlight nor have...Mike-they are kids?! You jealous
Look at them!
they're so cute
and I can hear that accents they're from
the Philippines how you think they're
doing?  Good, good better than me.
I know let me hear you strike a note...no. ha-ha...they sound good, they're super-duper cute!
He looks like you.
Mom, you have heard this song before!
I have? Yes,
keep listening you have you have
heard this song before.
okay okay okay okay okay
WOW!
You hear that?...let me hear you. No, no, no cut that! I can do better than that!
you know that song? okay so it's telling
somebody that they're their flashlights like
they're light, their help, their guide? Cool, they are a cute little group.
He reminds me of you Michael, when you were younger.
hey,
this little one right here, tell me if
you guys don't think Mike kind of
resembles him when he was younger look
at that picture we've got put a picture
right there he is super cute don't he
remind you of you? MIKE: No, not at all...oh, he is so cute! I like him.
WOW!
That does not sound like a kid!
WHAT!
you right, if don't sound like a kid. They sound good. Wow wow wow
Wow!
Wow- Mike: Wow
they were good, weren't they?
they're good Michael, weren't they...? Mike-yes, they were good. They were good they were
good. Almost liked about trying to
outdo each other like he went light and the other one
went even higher. To kind of outdo each other. If I heard it without
looking at them I would think it was adults.  Like grown people singing
wow that was good they were kids and
they did an awesome job are they still
are they grown up? They're still kids now
right? wow that was awesome I really
enjoyed then, you enjoyed them? You'll watch them again with me? Mike-Probably... boom boom
boom boom that was good - the TNT boys
thank you guys for suggesting that y'all
going ahead give this video a big thumbs
up tell me if you want Mike in the  reaction room
with me more often. I can do that too. Anyway, Give this video a BIG thumbs up. Follow us on Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook. Leave your suggestions down below.
This is mommy drew and Mike saying. D to the D to the D to the D-Nation...OUT...BYE
