So, guys, how are you guys? 
With us, it's okay. Welcome to another video here in the Reação Imediata.
and today we will react
to 4 singers
who are actually sisters
who is the 4th Impact.
Sorry if the pronunciation is wrong.
But from what we saw
they participated in X Factor in the Philippines
and they appeared on the internet with a song from Queen
we still did not watch
but we thought it would be cool 4 women singing Queen
we researched and discovered that it is from the Philippines
So let's make this reaction here and hope you like it.
But before we go to the reaction do not forget to leave a like activate
activate the notifications to register if you are not registered
and accompany us there in Instagram the link is in 
the description of this and all other videos of the channel
Message given
So let's go for what matters.
Let's react!
Wow, what a beautiful synchronization
Very good
So far I'm finding the presentation incredible!
Me too. No defects
The video is really a direct reference to Queen
Drive!
She has a clearer and brighter voice.
I think this singer has a greater aggressiveness in the voice
But the two seem to be in a high region ... Soprano
Look at the vocal articulation
Wow, what a beautiful melisma
It is noticeable that they work with mixed voice.
They are very much in a region
between the voice of the head,
the voice of the mask, the voice of the chest
the voice of the mask, the voice of the chest, in a very subtle alternation.
- This is a voice mix.
This is a really cool mix of vocals.
This is amazing
we see that they are singing a Queen song as a base
trying to respect the original song by putting their personality in this song
trying to respect the original song by putting their personality in this song,
and how they use that voice mix
it's really cool
because they end up putting their personality on this song.
This synchrony becomes very beautiful, when everyone is singing.
She has a very full voice.
She has a soft sweet voice.
Our beautiful
That Cool!!! Amazing
They sing a lot and the cool thing is that 
their voice does not have a very big contrast
they all seem to be in the same region
what changes is the timbre that is very particular of each one.
I also had that impression
and on hearing for the first time
it seems that everyone is in the soprano region
because they all have a very loud voice.
But as Nah said
there is this question of timbre
timbre is what makes identify who is singing
It's because of the timbre that you listen to Lady Gaga
or Mariah Carey and you know that they are singing
For example
we have Morissette who sings the music of Mariah Carey
although the voices have a similarity
there is a big difference
which is the timbre that differentiates one from the other
In the particular of each voice
we have a "voice that seems closed"
one seems more open
another seems sweeter and lighter
Incredible, I'm impressed.
they sang very well
besides being a difficult song because
it has several transitions of sharp notes
very "Belting"
besides being somewhat similar to classical music
this makes it difficult
or this it is necessary to have a great ability and vocal control
Even because the queen herself is influenced by classical music and opera
But this is our opinion
and we want to know yours
Do you like this version of Bohemian Rhapsody?
Do you like this version of Bohemian Rhapsody? Write in comments
We think it's cool, we're impressed
 by these women they sing very well.
If you have more suggestions from other artists,
 leave us the comments that we will love.
If you know someone who likes this type of content
and also 4th Impact,
and also 4th Impact, share this video with that person!
So this is personal
I hope you enjoyed it and until the next reaction
Tchau (Goodbye)
