Mia what can you say?
Mia: So delicious!!!
hey guys welcome to another episode of Bisdak Chef I'm your host Rex Alba and in
today's episode we'll be cooking Bistek Tagalog (beefsteak)
check us out! This time we are going to the Philippines
So with this beefsteak, we want to use this this skirt
steak
so, it already thinly cut, if you want to use a different cut, you can but may be hard to thinly slice it
the more thinly cut the beef, the lesser time for marination
and lesser time to make it tender
You can cut it to your preference
you have the option on the size
So, guys, we have a visitor for today, she is from Cebu, Philippines, let's all welcome, Joanne
Joanne: Hey how are you?
Where in Cebu do you used to live?
Joanne: Mabolo
you are now based in Ohio
Joanne: Yes
how any kids do you have?
Joanne: I have 3 kids
one of them are joining us later on the show
so, when you were in Cebu, did you cook?
Joanne: Yes, I like to cook
You should have just done this cooking show today (giggles)
So, what's your favorite dish to cook?
Joanne: Braised pork
Btw, humba is braised pork, you can use a pork belly or feet
Joanne:I like using either pork feet or belly. right now, what are we preparing to cook?
Beefsteak, so now, we are just slicing it into small pieces
it just depends on how big of a slice they prefer
there is no strict guidelines on how big the slice is
we are then gonna be crushing our garlic and marinate this in soy sauce
I always like using Silver Swan soy sauce
Joanne, What is your technique on preparing the beefsteak?
Joanne: I still marinate it.
I like crushing my garlic by placing it on a ziplock bag and hammering it with my meat tenderizer
It is easier and less messy
Alright
so, we now have our garlic and sliced beef
we now mix them together
by the way we already washed our beef
earlier
can you speak more Joanne?
Joanne:It looks so good
We add our salt, our brown sugar
lately I have been using Hondashi, its a seasoning made of bonito flakes in Japan
its like Magic Sarap but organic
we are gonna use the rest of the hondash later, now we add our soy sauce
I will be putting the measurements of the recipe on the descriptions below later
And I also add our lemon
I also use Lemoncito/ calamansi juice
If you have fresh calamansi or lemoncito fruit, much better, especially to our Overseas Filipino Workers watching
coz here in Ohio, we could hardly find one, except if you are planting them yourselves
I was able to buy one at our local oriental store
I really like using fresh black pepper
I hardly use previously grounded pepper coz it affectts the aroma
Joanne: That is my daughter's favorite
Beefsteak
alright, we mix them together
so we're gonna let it sit for 15 minutes. Normally, I place this on the fridge,
for 15 minutes or so, 30 minutes to
maximize no flavor depending on the size of the meat
we'll visit this 30 minutes after ok
so 30 minutes after this is what we're
gonna do
so we are gonna remove the beef from our marinade
 
We are then gonna fry these beef slices on our oil
need to put the oil in the pan
don't worry about the oil guys because
you can always remove the excess oil
later okay so once the oil is hot enough, we then fry our beef
It smells so good after marination
30 minutes the longer much better, but you don't want to over marinate it too
so for me 30 mins is ok
would be 12 hours for this, coz if you over marinate
it affects the consistency coz it breaks down the protein
I think we are ready to fry
there you go
Be careful when frying not to get spattered with the hot liquid
On cutting your onion for the beefsteak, you want to maintain the shape of your onions
looks better if your keep the circle shape
it also depends on the type of dish
but for this dish, much better to keep the shape
We then finish up what we were frying...so after 10 mins
you don't want to overfry the beef
and don't dry up the marinade
a little more liquid is better
But if your beef is of a different cut, it may need extra time to tenderize the beef
I can smell it..this will be delicious
let me add a little bit more of black pepper. You can also mix white and black pepper, tastes a lot better
a little bit more of the calamansi juice
and the remaining Hondashi
I buy this at our local oriental stores
You can add additional water if needed ,
Now, I think our beefsteak is done
I;m just gonna throw in our remaining perfectly circle onions. then turn the heat off
make our presentation better with fresh onions
onions are rich
in antioxidant it is also rich in
antibacterial actually on my video on how to make pochero, I included
the nutritional values of my
ingredients
We have visitors for today, Joanne, Mia
Say Hi
Mia: hi
and Anjomae, from Cebu
Anjomae: Hi
Hi Mia, what can you say?
Mia: I'm Happy
Are you excited
Mia: yeah
One at a time, limited budget (giggles)
So, just a taste test right now but later on , they are gonna feast on this (giggles)..with rice
Let us see our guests reaction
Joanne: Mmmm.. It is sooo good!
Mia: what can you say?
Mia: So delicious!
Anjomae: In other words, It is so delicious!
