N: Mix it well then let it marinate for 10 minutes
J: No let's do 1 hour
N: 1 HOUR??!!
J: I don't know. How long should we let it marinate for?
N: let's do 15 minutes
J: In the comments they'll say you're the luckiest girl in the whole world (for having a bf that cooks for me LOL sorry guys he's delusional hahaha)
J: Wait I forgot to put the garlic!
N: Oh yeah you forgot to put the garlic
N: How do you call that(the garlic) in english?! I can't remember OMG (sorry guys I had it at the tip of my tongue but I couldn't remember it haha)
N: HOY! How do you call that in english????
N: Cipolla(means onion in italian) is Onion and that is?!! (damn I don't know why I couldn't remember "garlic" hahaha)
N: there's still garlic skin!
N: Can you cut it in smaller pieces??
N: PLEASE?
N: The viewers are going to be so confused because we're speaking filipino, italian and english all at the same time hahaha
J: I'm drooling (HAHAHAHA)
N: EWW (be careful) you're cookinnggg!
N: That's enough!! Stop Mixing!
N: ENOUGH!
N: Stop playing with food!!
N: you're rude! (LOL HIS FACE)
(TBH I don't even know why I'm laughing so hard! it wasn't even that funny! haha I guess that's what happens when you're in love, you laugh even at the corny jokes hahahah)
N: Garlic again?? Isn't it too much?!
(I totally forgot that he was just following the recipe and he was trying to explain it to me..when I realized he wasn't doing anything wrong he started mean mugging me hahahah)
(now you guys know that I nag at him a lot HAHA)
N: be careful! Don't cut yourself!
N: you're not done yet! lol
N: you're doing unnecessary movements to make it look like you're doing something professional hahaha
N: CAREFUL!
N: cut it in smaller pieces like I usually do!
J: no need! that will do!
N: Wow
N: Really?
N: Babe it's ready! the garlic is burning!!
N: AAHH It's burnt!
N: MIX IT!
(Kuya means older brother in filipino, it's like Oppa in korean)
N: let them see how broken our pan is! (LOL)
J: AH you know what?! we should cover it!
J: I think it's burning we should add water
N: Nah there's no need just stir
N: the recipe says the chicken should be brownish..that's what kuya from Panlasang Pinoy said..
N: You need to add bay leaf!
N: I think filipino viewers are going to say "what the hell are these 2 doing?!"
N: Enough! you put too much!
(he's basically removing spiderwebs hahaha)
(AGIW means spiderweb)
N: TASTE IT!
N: Let's taste it!
