So BTS are like freaking releasing teaser after teaser for DNA...
Not that DNA it's their song called DNA oh
That's what the teaser is...that's what, OH official tea...oh DNA teaser number one HOLY SHI---
ANYWAYS, let's get into this.
Let's stop with the bull bull, this is number one and number two we about to check this out.
We about to get LIT. I got my water. *cause a bish be thirsty*
Right here, and as you can see I'm not in my original room. I'm in Hawaii. This is kenny boy slays room.
He's taking a nap right now.
Yeah, so I'm gonna take this opportunity to film some videos for y'all. I got videos stacked for y'all.
And uhh...yeah, let's get into this shall we, let's begin no no no like intro just everything let's go DNA official teaser number one.
LETS GO *getting hyped over the bighit logo*
UHMHUHMH *already hyped tf up*
Okay we got kookie.
Just whistling? Make it whistle like a missile, bomb bomb.
OOOO I bet that's the...part of the beat
Okay, we--we're forming. Oh we getting into position
Does his shirt say love? OOOO that STARE DOWN THOUGH. You know what ya DOING THOUGH
OOKAY
OOKAY, I see you, WAIT hold up lemme watch this one more time
Can't-can't I just watch--- it's like...how long is this? 57 seconds. We could watch this again, right?
You won't mind. One more time...one more time before we move into teaser 2 know what i'm saying?
AIGHT let's go...OH lemme see that
I got it, i got it!
I'm liking that
Beat, the whistle beat like the like the how he just comes in just whistling and then it goes to like the actual
teaser of the song and a little teaser of like the chorus or dance
Sorry, I'm getting excited
That jawline that's the jawline I want to get! I lost it, I used to have it though...it's called eating carbs
*sips because bighit is trying everyone's lives*
Get into position yo-you stare down at me oof mm-hmm then
look at...J-hope...Jimin
OOHH Rap Monster's hair too, oooh the hairstyles too! Aight, DNA is coming out---the 18th
OHHH
OOOOOO
Yo
I-I just had a moment--I had like a raven, that's so raven moment right there. Let's just move on to teaser 2
let's see official teaser this is like 30 seconds, so it's super short aight
Maistro'
ughh--his hair, his hair his goals
Oh so is suga's hair so---ahhh *same*
Visuals
AHHH BISH
You know this is gonna be hype
You know this is gonna be hype yo, uh yo, I'm excited. I'm so excited let me play this one more time
Visuals look at V...YOOOO V
Oh Jin got black hair too---suga got that that minty...kind of like what I'm wearing right now.
Oh, Jin in black hair looks really good
Sorry when I think of DNA I think of Kendrick Lamar's song. How many teasers are they actually releasing because i'm tryna keep up
and you know sometimes it can be hard, but
Especially when I'm traveling right now
BUT I'm still trying to keep up with it, if I can, but it might be late. I like this one
That's why i'm doing teaser 1 and 2 BUTTTTTTTTT
Yo, DNA looks like something
Obviously looking like a bop already like with the the breakdown. FRICK YEAH, anyways guys
Thank you guys for watching like this video, share this video, and subscribe. Keep on dreaming dreamers dream, believe, do, repeat
Jreamer hats are coming back on sale actually though. They're coming back on sale
Sometime I need--I need dates, and I'll definitely keep you updated, BUT oh my mom texted me.
My mom's uh--back in Miami
too
You know and they don't have any power, so they're trying to sleep where my auntie lives because they have power I missed them
They're coming to Hawaii for their anniversary and I treated them I bought their
A hotel for them. I think they've been married for about 30 years now
So cute, father mother *i think*, cute. Anyways, i'm excited for BTS that---that was just me
Uh, you know and my mom takes me ahhhh, kenny you got a lot of ants in your room
I can't thank you guys enough and
See you guys till next time alright? Bye.
HEY...YOU BETTER SUBSCRIBE *whispers* bish
