Hello there, and welcome to Foodie Legends,
your go-to source for the best foods to eat
around the world and its history.
In our previous video, we made a return journey
to the Philippines to have a sip of the food
of the oldest Chinatown in the World.
Now, we are going to dig deeper into Filipino
cuisine’s highly-prized delicacies.
But before we dive in, don’t forget to hit
the Subscribe and Notification Bell, so you
guys can catch up to our latest food journeys.
Without anything further to do, let’s go!
Aside from rice, noodles are one of the most
well-loved staple dishes in Filipino gastronomy.
Noodles in Filipino culture symbolizes long
life- a remnant of the Chinese influence in
the country’s food and culture.
As a result, there is a plethora of such delicious
dishes in the Philippines, and for today’s
video, we are going to have a taste of these
five noodle delights.
Coming in number one on our list is Pancit
Malabon: a decadent noodle dish that once
you have a taste of it, you’ll feel so bad
but at the same time, you’ll just feel so
good because it’s so delicious.
Pancit Malabon is a seafood-based noodle dish
that originated from Malabon, a city known
for its abundance of fresh seafood.
This truly reflects on our first pick’s
main trait: a perfect homage to the sea, summarized
by a platter of noodle goodness.
Pancit Malabon is a stir-fried noodle dish
that uses thick rice noodles.
It is flavored by a rich sauce infused with
shrimp and pork broth, garnished by a garden
of seductive toppings such as crushed pork
cracklings or also known as chicharon, mussels,
squid, shrimps, sliced cabbage, fish flakes,
and hard-boiled eggs.
Pancit Malabon is commonly served in a bilao-
a flat platter or basket made with woven wood,
normally used to clean the rice grains in
a traditional manner.
Pancit Malabon is a luxurious noodle dish
that pays honor to Malabon’s coastal waters,
served on special occasions just like most
Filipino noodle dishes.
However, it is easy enough to cook in your
home, but be careful not to eat it too much
if you want to take care of your heart and
your calorie intake!
Coming in number two on our list is a noodle
dish that we may unofficially call: Pancit
Malabon’s twin sister: the Pancit Palabok.
Next to lechon and pancit bihon, pancit palabok
is considered to be one of the mainstays in
a typical Filipino fiesta.
Yet it is a dish that was received in a lukewarm
fashion outside the country.
But under a great cook, pancit palabok is
worth craving for.
Unlike most Filipino noodle dishes that were
influenced by Chinese cuisine, pancit palabok
is considered by seasoned food historians
to be an authentic Filipino dish.
Preparing pancit malabon almost mirrors that
of pancit malabon, but the two differ on what
type of noodle is being used.
While pancit malabon uses thick rice noodles,
pancit palabok is more attuned to the thinner
rice noodles, such as vermicelli or bihon
noodles.
Just like pancit malabon, the sauce used for
palabok is made from shrimp stock, although
the latter has a thick consistency, almost
like a gravy, and colored into a vibrant orange
color with some achuete.
The sauce is then placed on top of the noodles
to be mixed later by the hungry eater.
The palabok is then topped with slices of
boiled eggs, chicharon, and scallions.
To amplify its flavor, the palabok is then
slightly doused by a piece of calamansi, known
as the Philippine lemon.
Calamansi is sliced at the top, and then squished
over the palabok plate, with the seeds either
strained by a fork, or you can just simply
pick it off later.
Have a try of pancit palabok and tell us your
thoughts in the comments section!
Our next pick is what you may consider a “handy
dish”.
And by that, we mean it quite literally.
Coming in third on our list is the Pancit
Habhab, a popular noodle snack from Quezon
Province.
Although also known with its more formal name
as “Pancit Lucban”, Pancit Habhab gained
its name as the humorous Filipinos used the
sound of enthusiastic eating-known as habhab-
as a nickname for this beloved noodle dish.
Pancit Habhab was born in the municipality
of Lucban, in Quezon Province.
Preparing this dish is easy and straightforward,
which means it is geared to accommodate with
the fast amount of time.
This dish gets annihilated by the hungry eaters
who flock on the Habhab stalls all over the
town.
This noodle dish is made by sautéing dried
flour noodles (Miki Lucban) with garlic, onions,
pork belly slices, pig liver, shrimps, bok
choy, carrots, Baguio beans, and chayote,
and then flavored with fish sauce, soy sauce,
pork broth, and black pepper.
Once cooked, here’s what makes Pancit Habhab
portable: the noodles are served in a banana
leaf, topped with the sautéed meat and vegetables,
and you can flavor it with a bit of spiced
vinegar as an option.
And there!
No utensils.
Just your mouth munching down on the Pancit
Habhab served on a banana leaf.
Portable and easy!
Just be careful not to spill it though, and
wipe the excess sauce off your mouth!
Ah yes, we finally reached this part.
The most controversial Filipino dish.
Coming in number four on our list is the Pinoy
Spaghetti.
The Pinoy Spaghetti is the Filipino adaptation
of the Italian pasta dish of the same name,
with the Bolognese sauce.
It was a dish believed to have been introduced
to the country during the American Commonwealth
Period of the 1930s, quickly developing as
a favorite dish of the Filipinos during that
time.
With the outbreak of the Second World War,
many ingredients from this dish became excruciatingly
scarce, particularly canned tomato sauce.
Filipinos are known for their ingenuity in
times of desperation, and so it was in this
dark moment that a food technologist-turned-guerilla
named Maria Orosa invented the banana ketchup,
an alternative to the now-scarce tomato based
products.
Her food recipe inventions saved a lot of
lives from malnutrition in the war, and she
remains a highly respected figure in the hall
of Filipino scientists.
Orosa’s banana ketchup became a favorite
condiment in the typical Filipino pantry,
and as a regular ingredient in what we will
now know as the Pinoy spaghetti.
Pinoy spaghetti is not so different from its
original counterparts.
Instead of the usual meatballs, Pinoy spaghetti
has sliced hotdogs and ground meat (giniling)
as its toppings, coated with melted cheese.
Its most defined characteristic however, is
its major sweet flavor profile, which is a
favorite taste in Philippine gastronomy.
Cheap and easy to make, Pinoy Spaghetti became
a favorite dish in birthday celebrations and
other special occasions, especially for children’s
parties because Filipino mothers realize that
their kids love eating sweet dishes.
Apparently, it’s a habit that most Filipinos
take with them to adulthood because it remains
a classic favorite for all ages!
Still, it may take a while before it becomes
well-loved outside the Philippines.
The idea of sweet pasta is so wild, probably.
Nevertheless, give it a try and be amazed
by how good Pinoy Spaghetti is!
To conclude today's episode, let’s have
soup.
Coming in last but not the least on our list
is none other than the La Paz Batchoy, a famous
noodle dish from Iloilo City.
La Paz Batchoy is Philippines’ answer to
the Japanese Ramen, but don’t let looks
fool you: La Paz Batchoy is a unique dish
on its own, delicious, fulfilling, and refreshing
to the senses.
There are many origin stories chronicling
the birth of the Batchoy, with various batchoy
restaurants claiming to be the creator of
this noodle soup dish.
However, there are sources claiming that the
origins of La Paz Batchoy were born in the
Chinese communities that sprung around the
area.
The word batchoy was theorized to be derived
from the Hokkien word, “Bah-chúi” ( 肉水)
which means “meat soup” .
La Paz Batchoy is made by boiling pork or
beef parts for several hours to produce a
simple broth with rich flavors.
The broth is then poured over a bowl filled
with round egg noodles- known as miki- and
then the entire thing is topped by various
meat such as pork offal, (liver, kidney, and
spleen), beef or pork loin, crushed chicharon,
and a boiled or raw egg, depending on the
customer’s preference.
Shrimp paste is then added as an extra seasoning,
although batchoy stalls outside Iloilo remove
this option for general consumption and prefer
other condiments such as soy sauce, fish sauce,
and black pepper.
Normally, the soup is sipped first, and the
customer can ask for free servings of broth,
known as “kaldo” in the local language.
Beloved as an afternoon snack or a post-drinking
binge soup, La Paz Batchoy truly earned its
reputation as a beloved Filipino noodle soup.
Thanks again for tuning in with us here at
Foodie Legends for our latest episode.
I hope you enjoyed this video and got a nice
taste into the tasty noodle dishes that the
Philippines has to offer!
Before you go, be sure to LIKE this video
and CLICK THE SUBSCRIBE BUTTON for more delicious
content every week!
We’d love to hear your thoughts too, so
leave a comment below to let us know what
your favorite part of the video was or if
you want to just leave us with a few thoughts!
You guys are awesome, thanks again for watching,
See you on the next one!
