Good morning adventurers.
Welcome to Siargao!
One of the popular things to do here in Siargao is to go island hopping. The island's actually surrounded by a bunch of smaller islands
Should be super beautiful. That's what we're doing today by the way.
The Sun is out
Hopefully it stays that way but it changes here like every other moment. I think it's gonna be beautiful. Other islands are so close
So hopefully no seasickness, just amazing clear waters.
We got hooked up with this tour company that's gonna give us a private boat ride out there
I'm not sure how many Islands we're gonna see I think at least three. Should be beautiful
We're gonna try to stay not sunburned.
I've got a lot of sunscreen in my bag
All right. Let's go boating y'all.
We made it to the mile of Siargao office and we are off to get our boat
We have our fearless tour guide up here Aissa
[Eric]: Hi!
And Tal is hot on our heels with puppy Charlie, it's gonna be a good day y'all
This is gonna be our vessel for the rest of the day. Right on.
This is little Charlie. She's gonna come with us too. She's gonna be the captain. She's the captain now
It's a beautiful French Bulldog
(laughs)
For our first stop - woah shit woah!
For our first stop we have come to Naked Island
It is called that because
You gotta get naked.
Yeah, a lot of people actually come here and take shots of themselves getting butt naked
We're not gonna do that because you guys really - honestly you don't want to see that.
But we've seen a few other people, we just come in and take in the sites.
It's called Naked Island actually because it is just an island of sand
There aren't any trees, there maybe like one tiny tree over there. Very small one
As you can see nothing is here but the sand.
At different parts of the day there's more or less sand.
From the view up in the sky. It's really cool
It's just this little sandbar out in the middle of the ocean. It's surrounded by a bunch of other islands
It is super cool, when the tide goes out more and more sand gets revealed
This is kind of medium tide right now, I think.
I think so cuz you can see there
You can see a lot of the sand under the water, but it makes the water crystal clear and blue. It's so pretty
All right, we have made it to our next island destination. Oh geez
A little bit more rocky. Careful, dude.
This is Daku Island which means the big island. It's not actually not that big but it is the biggest island in the area
I think which is why it gets its name
It's a lot bigger when you're on it than we're you're flying away from it.
But man, it's got all these green palm trees as far as the eye can see
I think we're going to cook up some grub and have ourselves a little lunch
It's gonna be a good day.
Perfect.
Look what I found chilling under this boat
Two of the cutest little cuties. You got sand over your nose
Oh my god, the puppies and the Philippines you guys they're so cute
We are heading over to the Cabana area I'm smelling food in the air smoke is rising from the jungle. It's a good time
We may also have some rum and coke in our future too.
I think that just like we're saying: It's gonna be a great day.
Well, we found where they're cooking our food right here on the island they have these amazing chef
You see they've got a lot of fish going all this fresh food and rice. Oh gosh it smells -
I wish you guys could smell it. It smells like the most delicious barbecue ever. This is so cool
They're all just busy making all the different dishes in here. So nice to let us in here
I feel like maybe now we're in the way
Thank you. Bye
So what you see behind us is called the boodle fight
This is something that happens in the Philippines it's a very popular way to eat.
Right now, it's customized a little bit for Siargao because we're on the island so they actually spelled it out
But typically what happens is you'll do this with a family or group of friends
you have a bunch of rice in the middle and then different Filipino delicacies around the center and
You'll just reach in with your hands and grab and eat. The whole point is to eat with your hands
So it's a super fun way to eat - a boodle fight.
[Eric]: Is this spread incredible or what? And they're not even done.
[Tal]: Looks real good.
So they brought some rum on the tour. We're gonna pop that in these fresh coconuts here have a little rum and coconut. Oh, yeah
[Allison]: This is...
[Eric]: Best day ever.
[Allison]: Yeah.
I didn't expect any of this. Fantastic.
Also check out this straw we have yet to get a plastic straw anywhere on this island. This one is made from a leaf
Tied up and twisted together.
All right, the most important ingredient - rum.
[Eric]: Filled to the tippy-top, so these are little calamansi they're kind of like lime and lemon.
[Allison]: Lime, lemon, orange?
[Aissa]: Yeah, native one.
[Eric]: It's a bit of all of it, really. These little guys are one of our favorite fruits to get here
They're so tangy and delicious, they spice up any drink.
I'm a little scared of this. I'm not gonna lie
There's rum in there for sure, there's rum, a little bit of coconut. This will do the job let's put it that way
Our host Carol has put together a delicious feast for us. Look at this you guys we got fish
We got other seafood. We've got a bunch of fruit, bunch of noodles all kinds of stuff, rice, some meat
Oh my god so much good stuff to taste. So this is some squid or maybe some cuttlefish. I'm not exactly sure
What are these here?
[Allison]: I don't know, I think you just grab the little guy out of there.
Wow that looks amazing, look at that little guy.
We've got some delicious pork over here. Yeah, the dish is not complete without a little rice
And that too. This is the little guy I really want to try. Carol, what was this called again?
[Carol]: Saang.
Saang. That's what this is. This guy inside this amazing looking shell. Look at that
It looks like it's saying definitely don't mess with me and don't eat me
She kind of gave me a little tutorial how to eat this thing. It should just kind of slide right out
Check that out. Oh my god, that's amazing. So you're not supposed to eat this part
You kind of hold it by it. This flap you're supposed to rip off
Jesus oh, there you go. There's the meat that's good meat.
That's tasty it's a little bit like a
Calamari, it's got the calamari texture to it and almost the flavor.
[Allison]: Is it chewy a little bit?
It's a little chewy but it's really tasty.
[Allison]:They convinced me to try one of these and look at how it comes out of this shell.
[Eric]: Wow.
[Allison]: Oh my gosh!!!
[Eric]: That's amazing.
Are you sure it's good?
[Eric]: Sure.
Is this what I think it is?
[Eric]: I don't wanna know what that is.
Okay but you just remove it, right?
Little fishy and chewy but not too bad actually.
Everyone's random raving about this fish here. So I'm gonna try it we decided we don't know what it's called
I think I got a part without bones though. So that's good
I think this is the winner for the day. This is absolutely delicious. It's super tender really like hearty
Grilled to perfection. Whoa, we gotta figure out what this fish is. If you know, please let us know
We are nice and full that was a more delicious meal than I ever thought we were gonna get
It was so good I ate way too much.
There's so much, and you just eat with your hands, so I feel like it's so easy to like  be "I'll just have one more little bite".
We are going to hop in the boat for one last little trek over to that island way up there it's called Guyam.
It's gonna be the last island of the day. Little free island hop.
Good for us because I think we're finding out the hard way. We bought a new kind of sunscreen
I don't think it worked y'all
Yeah, we're actually kind of sad right now because we think we got pretty burned but that's all right
We're gonna stay under the shade from now on.
Yes.
How about you Tal, did you get burned?
Yeah. I got burned around my nipple
So we've made it to the island of Guyam.
This island is awesome. It is so chill. They have a little Cabana where you can get drinks
They have all kinds of little Instagram spots, hammocks and little nest things and boats everywhere
It's funny how different each of these islands has been, the naked one had nothing no vendors no food, no drinks
No, nothing. The other one was just it seemed like a picnic island
And this one seems the most I'd say like tourist friendly island with all the Instagram spots. We've got mixed drinks which we are taking part of.
This is actually a customized drink
They have blended mango drinks over there, but we talked him into add and rum to it.
That's delicious so they normally put condensed milk in here ours are just mango shelf-stable milk and rum.
Creamy milk.
Yeah, so it's really nice and creamy
Super mango-ey, very flavorful.
And again, no plastic straws, they've got metal straws here.
I think that's gonna do it for our island hopping adventure
We're just gonna be doing a bunch of this for the next hour or so.
Yeah, we had such a fantastic time
It's so fun being reunited with Tal, traveling with that little goober and our host Carol and Issa are so sweet
They're so nice, and they have put together such a fun day
We're gonna chill for a bit and we're gonna hop on the boat
Oh and then we have to go back to reality with our sunburns. Yeah, not pretty.
But we'll show you that later.
Bye thank you for taking us out
All right, you guys I think that's gonna do it for today we're taking a little tricycle back home
We're gonna crash out we are so tired
And so dirty.
So sunburned but we had an absolute blast. We're gonna link to Carol's tour in the description below My Love Siargao
We had a blast
Recommended.
Enough adventures for today. Shower time and bed time.
Goodnight adventurers.
We'll see you on the road.
