Lily M. - I can't spell Veronica.
Don't hate me!
Got it! Oh my gosh I....
You show me first. [Laughs]
Ha! [Laughs]
[Both] Hey guys!
I'm Veronica.
I'm Vanessa.
And today we are going to be doing the
[Both] Photoshop Challenge!!!
So what this Photoshop Challenges is, is we'll tell you after you subscribe!
You better subscribe. [Laguhs]
Please subscribe to our Channel,
Because we post new videos every single Tuesday!
[Both] Every Tuesday!
We do comedy sketches,
challenges, we sing, we do a bunch of random stuff on this Channel, so please subscribe-
And make sure you hit that Bell Notification.
So you get notified when we post.
Alright, so we are doing the Photoshop Challenge.
Obviously, you don't see a computer in front of us. We have our phones.
We have I, I am so good at Photoshop on my phone.
I use this app called Photoshop mix.
So what the challenge is,
We thought this would, it would be fun to take photos of each other and put each other in different scenarios.
then like when with what we're doing in the picture, I don't know. It's hard to explain!
So we're gonna do several rounds and we want you guys to choose who you think did the best each round.
Yeah, you guys get to pick the winners.
So we're going to screen record our phones and we're going to show you guys a process. And then we're gonna show each other our creations.
I think the first...
Photoshop round we should do is we need to edit ourselves on the cover of a magazine.
You've always wanted to be on the cover of a magazine, right?
Yeah, so you gonna put me on the magazine, and I put you on a magazine?
Yeah!
So the object is to find a magazine. I'm gonna edit ourselves on.
Okay, so I can't spell Veroni- I can't spell Veronica!!
Or maybe I can just go to your Instagram.
Oh my gosh!
Okay...
Yes!
I've got it! Ha!
Got, I've got it.
Okay.
I found my magazine.
I'm getting different options of magazines just to have.
So the app we are using is Adobe Photoshop Mix. I love this app so much!
I use it to make thumbnails all the time. This is the best app ever.
I don't use this app much. So I'm not sure that I would even know how to, actually, I'm gonna do it on for Facetune.
I'm better at doing backgrounds on Facetune in stuff.
[Music]
I finished mine. I finished mine.
I finished mine. I feel like- alright.
Who do want? Who wants to go first?
I don't know. I feel like yours is gonna be better than mine!
Nessa: I feel like- 
Roni: I feel like yours is better than mine. Mine is very simple.
I went kind of, I went nice on you this round.
Oka, well you show me first. You show me first.
Alright. So congratulations Nessa. Your issue of Cat Fancy has just come out.
And there's an exclusive interview with you and you quote, "I aspire to be a cat lady when I'm older."
[Giggles]
[Nessa reads and laughs] I aspire to be a cat lady when I'm older.
Roni: Vanessa Merrell.
Nessa: Wowwww!
Who is this? Up in the corner?
It's you! The cat next door!
[Laughs]
This is so weird, we are so twins!
Really? Did you put me in a cat magazine as well?
[Laughs] No, I put you on the cover of Time Magazine.
Okay.
[Laughs]
Time Magazine
What Animals Think; New science reveals they're smarter than we realize
[Laughs]
It's a dog!!!
It's me as a dog! [Nessa laughs]
Okay, but why did with both go with an animal theme???
Okay, I don't know.
Okay, let's see who you guys think won this round. I think Nessa won this round.
I don't know.
Maybe we should move on. Okay, so since I picked which one we were doing first now you pick.
What, which Photoshop are we going to do now?
We have never been good at sports...
Okay.
So we're going to put each other playing
sports.
Alright!
[Roni laughs]
Why are you laughing?
Cause it's just funny.
Perfect.
I don't have many of you were making a funny face. I have got to put my pictures now.
[Music]
Ugh, I feel like, you really, Nessa is like, Nessa's super funny when it comes to like
Photoshopping and editing stuff. She's so clever at it.
Okay, you show me. [Nessa laughs]
You show me first.
Show me first.
Okay, so, you know how we did- Here, I'm just going to show you.
[Laughs]
We were really bad at the high jump in track, so here's Roni high jumping!
Wooh!
Oh my gosh, that's really good. You're high jumping over the high, over the high beam.
Okay, um, you know Nessa
We just can't play sports at all
So...
[Laughs] Don't hate me!
What you do?
What? "I told you I can't sport!"
[Roni snorts]
Roni!
We're not that good at sports!
You- you just said I told you I can't sport.
[Laughs]
Aw, okay well... who do you guys think did better? [Laughter]
Oh man!
Me or Roni?
Honestly, I thought I did pretty well on this one.
Yeah, that one's really good.
It looks like you're jumping over the high beam!
It does. Alright, next round!
It's going to be
Freestyle. We're going to do
Anything we want.
Anything we want anything that we create.
Why is it that when you type in Vanessa Merrell funny face, it pops up a
bunch of funny pictures of me?
[Nessa sings] I got it!
[Roni speaks with accent] I figured it out. I figured out what I'm going to do. You're going to laugh.
[Music]
I'm scaaaaared!
What's the theme of yours?
Weird?
You're in that one you and Tiger when that one scene of Star Wars.
Oh, wow!!
Me and Tiger in Star Wars!
I didn't know Mario-
Is Mario? [Laughs]
Nessa: Wow!
Roni: Look at Tiger!
He's like ha ya! He's ready to fight. Me and Darth Maul in for maul. [Laughs]
Roni: How do you like it? 
Nessa: It's it's great, Roi! Good job!
Is your better?
I don't even know what mine is.
Here go!
It's a bunch of
Ro
nessess. Roni raw raw. Roni as
Ronessess on the moon!
Did you photoshop the Walrus on the moon?
Yes. [Laughs]
Each one has a different facial expression.
You doing a kissy face,
Here you are, that's you normally, and well, maybe I might have moved your eye of it. I don't know here. You're doing a smirk.
Here you are angry.
Oh!
Here you are sad.
Aw!
I, Photoshopped you on multiple animals... on the moon!
Roni: Oh my gosh!
Nessa: That is really cool!
Boy, just let us know what you guys think.
so now we're going to do one more.
Alright, I say we do another random round.
Another freestyle?
Yeah.
The last round is a freestyle.
Are you ready? Because I'm ready. I know what I want to do.
I don't know what to do. I have to think.
Oh!
Got it! Oh my gosh, I've got it!
[Laughs] Oh my gosh!
[Laughs] Agh!
Oh my gosh! This is so funny!
Alright, alright, alright, here we go.
Okay, and my last final master piece of art,
for the Photoshop Challenge photoshopping Roni,
I...
Photoshopped you
You are Dr. Nefario! [Laughs]
From Despicable Me!
There she is!
Oh my gosh!
So funny! That's a good one. I did not expect that.
[Both laugh]
Roni: Okay, are you ready for mine?
Nessa: Yes.
Nessa: I'm ready for yours.
Roni: So I called this one the Van-essa.
Oh no!
Nessa: Did you write that?
Roni: Yes.
Oh!!!
[Laughter]
This is... This is so nice!
That is... my emotion right now. [Laughs]
What is happening? Why?
This took a lot of work.
I'm driving a van called the Van-essa
With a bunch of other Vanessas!
Wow!
Roni: Thank you. Thank you!
That's great. So there are four rounds of pictures.
We are actually going to Tweet all of our pictures when this video comes out. All four of them,
So if you want to see them up close and personal just go to our personal Twitter's @VeronicaMerrell, @Vanessa Merrell.
To see the full picture.
Roni: Or,  @MerellTwins.
MerrellTwins will retweet them.
But yeah, go vote for, what was your favorite for each round. There's four rounds.
Um, I honestly think we did a great job.
I think PhotoShopping is hard anyway.
It is, but did you guys know you can do a lot on just your phone without actually having Photoshop?
Nessa: And...
Roni: This wasn't a sponsored video. [Laughs]
Nessa: No, it was not. 
Roni: We are not promoting Adobe Photoshop mix-up.
So yes, comment down below what your favorite was. Comment if we should do a part two of this.
This was super fun to do.
[Both] Thanks for watching!
If you like this video, give it a thumbs up and make sure to subscribe to our channel by clicking the circle button right there.
And if you click this circle button
You can subscribe to our second channel and click one of the videos right here and the rectangles and the squares!
Click this one!
To watch some of our other videos we've done click this one and this one.
[Both] And you will see you guys next time. Bye!
