5 Things To Not Miss In The Philippines
Spin a globe and put your finger on any country
randomly.
We aren’t taking you on a trip to that country
so stop day dreaming, sorry to burst your
dreamy bubble but let reality dawn on you!
You will have to take the trip on your own
but we could help you decide your itinerary!
We thought it would be nice to take a dip
into the tourist spots of Philippines and
help tourists in the country to make the most
of their vacation.
It might not be as good as the real trip but
shall we start this virtual journey?
Number 1.
Rest in peace
Now cemeteries may not feature in everybody’s
itinerary but that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t
head out to visit one.
If Philippines is your vacay goal, you just
cannot miss out to visit the cemeteries.
That’s because you are not only paying homage
to the dead but are also getting a chance
to delve into the culture of Philippines in
a unique way.
The island of Maricaban, for instance attracts
many scuba divers who flock to the Philippines’
coral reefs but the entire island is not dotted
with hostels and resorts because a stretch
of beach remains untouched.
Just 20 feet beyond the pristine waters, behind
a curtain of foliage, lie nearly 100 concrete
graves.
The “cemetery beach” sports a thick brush
of grass and thorny weeds carpet the cemetery
floor but that’s what will make your adrenaline
gushing!
But if exploring the untouched cemetery beach
is not your thing, you may be intrigued by
the hanging coffins!
The people of Sagada follow a unique ritual
where instead of being placed into the ground,
the coffins are brought to a cave and hung
either inside the caves or on the face of
the cliffs, near the hanging coffins of their
ancestors.
This tradition is some 2000 years old but
you aren’t walking on them, instead carry
a binoculars and view from a respectable distance.
But if you truly want to feel moved, visit
the sunken cemetery which is the resting place
of the lost citizens of Camiguin.
In the 1870s, a volcano near this place erupted
and caused the cemetery along with the capital
city surrounding it to sink below sea level.
In order to commemorate this place of loss,
a looming cross was built in remembrance.
You will experience a feeling of loneliness
once you see this structure standing all alone
in the middle of the sea!
Number 2.
An ode to religion
After you’ve paid a visit to the dead, you
may want to pray for their souls and what
better place than a church?
Actually there is!
Up above the Macajalar Bay in El Salvador
on the Philippines island of Mindanao is a
50-foot statue of Jesus, where the faithful
process into his body via a staircase that
radiates out from his body.
Located at Divine Mercy Hills, the monumental
Christ’s base is a healing chapel whereas
his chest is seen as a chamber of adoration.
In the lap of nature, the statue exudes serenity
and you can’t afford to give it a miss!
Once you’ve reveled in its beauty, head
to Cebu city in Philippines where under a
Spanish styled pavilion is a large cross.
Many people believe this cross to be the one
planted by famed explorer Ferdinand Magellan.
But in the following centuries, tourists looking
for a souvenir would chip away a piece of
the cross and take it back home as a supernatural
relic which destroyed the cross.
And according to the etched plaque at the
base of the cross, it is actually made of
more recent wood which covers the original
crucifix planted in 1521.
So if you plan to visit, don’t begin chipping
away the cross!
Number 3.
Mystery of caves
Is there anyone here who would like to explore
caves on their vacation?
Wow, so many of you seem interested!
Great, now allow us to take you right into
the dark extremes of the caves you need to
explore in Philippines.
Now, the history of the Philippines during
WWII is not exactly a fun and pleasant thing
to consider but there’s a part of it that
as travelers we can explore.
This is the Japanese tunnel at the Baguio
Botanical Garden which is now opened to public.
The Japanese Tunnel Walk is just the latest
addition, completed with quality lighting
so the Tunnel itself is safe for visitors.
They were even widened and cleared a bit to
ensure safety.
During the Japanese occupation in 1941, their
army built a series of tunnels under Baguio
to store military supplies.
It was widely believed that Baguio’s tunnels
hid Japanese General Yamashita’s storied
stolen treasure.
Don’t worry, you aren’t finding that in
those tunnels but it’s still fun to visit!
Another interesting place would be the Kabayan
Caves, found along the mountain slopes of
Kabayan, a town in the northern part of the
Philippines.
The Kabayan mummies can be found in these
caves today, open for public.
Created between 1200 and 1500 AD, they have
been looted many times in the past and were
designated as one of the 100 world's most
endangered heritage sites.
We hope you won’t disrespect the site when
you pay it a visit!
Number 4.
Loving the waves and sand
Ever heard about Vulcan Point?
Let’s just say there’s a volcano in the
picture, oh sorry, an active volcano- now
would you want to set foot here?
Probably not but even after 33 recorded eruptions,
the Taal Volcano manages to attract flocks
of people every year.
That’s because it isn’t just a volcano,
the strange geological features that accompany
it are worth a visit!
The Vulcan Point is one of Taal Volcano’s
cones in a way that it is an island, within
a lake, within another island, within a lake,
on an island, within an archipelago, within
the Pacific.
Pretty confusing to hear but beautiful to
see!
Shall we move on to the Mabua Pebble Beach?
The name is self-explanatory, it houses a
multitude of smooth white pebbles that make
up its shoreline.
The countless pebbles are not only a relief
to the eyes but walking barefoot on them is
therapeutic also!
So are you going there?
If stones are not your thing, you gotta be
heading towards Ursula Island because hello,
who doesn’t love white sand beaches?
Now even though Philippines has many other
such beaches, this island is one of its kind
because it has been kept resort free!
This has been done to protect the rare birds
which live within the tiny thatch of marshy
woods in the center of the island.
This does not mean that you’ll get bored
there because it gives you the best opportunity
to do some bird watching, how about that?
Number 5.
In mood for food
Many people believe that Philippines is the
worst nation for a foodie that too without
visiting the country!
But the truth is, you cannot fly back before
you try some amazing food there.
The famous Balut cannot be missed, unless
you are vegetarian!
Balut is a developing duck embryo boiled and
eaten as a snack in the shell and with a splash
of vinegar.
It may sound strange but this dish is a specialty
in Philippines and since it is a street food,
it is easy to encounter!
Oh and how about kinilaw?
We are talking about the raw fish salad served
in an acidic juice, usually Filipino lime
and vinegar, which “cooks” the meat.
And you certainly cannot miss the famous Halo
Halo dessert!
Talking about food and not vising the waterfalls
restaurant is just not acceptable!
At the foot of Labasin Falls in San Pablo
City, the Villa Escudero Resort offers one
of a kind experience of getting close and
personal with a waterfall while having your
lunch.
You go shoeless to this restaurant and sit
at a bamboo table while clear spring water
runs over your feet.
Isn’t that a dream come true?
What are your experiences about Philippines
and these tourist attractions?
Tell us in the comment section below.
Click on the bell icon and get notified of
new videos and subscribe to our channel if
you liked this video.
Stay tuned for more videos, lot’s coming
up.
And while you're here, check out our other
videos and tell us what you think of them.
You can also find us on twitter, Facebook
and Instagram.
Thanks for watching.
