Hey guys, it's me zeus welcome to my first ever video here in Youtube and today we're going to go and try this
Weird soda or whatever you can call that so what do I have here is?
Barf
soda
Buffalo Soda
Ranch dressing Soda. i got
Bacon soda
Pimple Pop soda
peanut butter and Jelly Soda
sweet Corn, soda
and
Pickle flavored soda so without further ado let's start the video
Okay, so maybe we could just start with this oh
Boy, okay, so this one is people cough soda, okay. Let's open it up
It will start with this, okay one two three
No, you start one more time. Oh
Well, it's not that bad, but it's not that cute - you know what I mean, you know with me
I got you. I got you boo. Oh
But this actually good right, we'll try one more time
now
now
Okay, let's try it. I don't wanna try the sweet corn okay here. All right. Okay. Let's try this sweet Garden, so we go
Okay, so this is sweet corn sold. Oh, let's give you a try. Oh
Wow
wait
Really smells like sweet corn
Yeah, okay. Let's try it
Hey, oh, it's cold
Okay, it's girls get his girls
Boom gosh, I got it response
Okay, in the side one more time just to make sure I'm saying the correct one okay, okay. I got you
That one. Yeah, that one is not a good
Next next next next let's try oh
oh
Okay, so this is a Buffalo wing soda
Okay, first of all. I don't really eat buffalo wing because I don't know it just really taste that for me
so
Whatever, it is. Go try it
Okay, Buffalo wing soda Cheers Cheers
wait, okay, I
Couldn't take this at all like it's bad. It's really bad
Okay, I will try it one more time. Just to make sure
It's bad
I couldn't
Nope not for me
You know we're going to have five
Left right now, we'll just go with it
What is this? Oh boy?
Okay, I guess it's getting worse now. So this time we will try barb sold out. Oh
Gosh what am I doing this what am I doing this jeez there's a lot of challenges, but why did tristan?
Throw Soda okay, let's try this let's go barks, soda
skip you try
Wow hmM. It's actually good hmM. That was her long time
she is
It's pretty good
Okay, so this one is for me. I won't you just later for sure
Okay, what's next let's try?
Maybe this here, okay, let's try it
So this one is bakin Soda okay. I know some of you will be mad at me
But I don't eat bacon. I don't know it's just like
Every time I tasted it. I don't know it's nasty. I mean sorry yeah, I know it's good for you, but for me. It's like
Trash
Food is forever and Earth bad. I don't need my breasts or the soft drink yourself
Okay, okay this without further ado again. Let's try this baking soda
Okay, so pray for me for those people who's watching it right now pray for me. So you really get it
Okay, let's go
No
Okay, juice keep calm. It's
Just cutting this this baking soda dough is direct the trash
No
No, so now we only have three left, so I guess we'll just go over there. Let's try this one
This one is ranch dressing soda. Okay ranch dressing so down
Go, that's right. Oh
Boy, oh, the smell is bad
Okay, destroyed
No, no
No, no, no no no no no no you you you oh
That's so bad like okay next soda
Pecos flavored soda
Pickle nope I put in the soda
No
Okay
Okay, pickle Flavor Soda. Just give it a try. Oh
Wow now like people okay? Good try
No
No, no, that's for me. That's okay. Oh give it a second try
Yeah, pray for me, please
Okay, be good Flavor, soda
keep your I
love soda
Which is I'm kind of happy okay, but peanut butter orange Jelly, soda
Let's give it a try
Hmm. Oh oh
wait
it's actually good at First but
the aftertaste is like
Geez like for a second before it's a tap. I will give it her again. Okay, so
In the second time peanut butter and Jelly Soda here we go
No, Foo-foo
So for those people who want to try this kind of different sufferings
I'm gonna go for bars. That's it is the respect
Just like ignore it
Thank you guys for watching my first video here in youtube if you have more challenges to want me to try just
Comment down below and please click like and subscribe to my channel and see you in my next video. Bye
peace out
Can I do it to myself?
