Kaz: Hi guys, welcome to a new reaction video on my channel KAZINCREDIBLE with 
and together we are going to watch a Filipinio Song. You have recommended this song and then I thought ok, we should watch it 
I dont know what will face us. I am excited. If you are  interested in PPOP then dont forget to subscribe my channel. We are reacting to filipino music often
well, lets start this. This has almost 5M views 
Zombies?
is that THE WALKING DEAD?!
Semir: is that probably from a movie?
I dont know 
Semir: maybe a title song from a movie?
If you have more information, write it in the comments 
Uhh this is cool with these leaves 
thats creepy T.T
amazing how in the background are red thunders
I guess he is the main singer 
cool choreography 
Semir: nice that we have english subtitles here 
reminds me a little bit to Michael Jacksons "Thriller" 
this is so cool 
great make up and styles
the eyes are so creepy 
uhh this is such an amazing setting 
this mv has in general a great atmosphere 
Semir: i am wondering how he is look like without the zombie face
Semir: he has a rough voice, right?
This is such an amazing song which fits perfect to Halloween. This was released on Halloween. 
Semir: Does he wear braces?
Semir: is he young?
I dont know that 
was that a tattoo on his neck?
Oh my god..this must be the feature 
Semir: nice flow 
The last Time I have seen Zombies in a Music video, was in the Twice Debut Music video. 
I love Horror concepts in music videos
The music video by Andi Bernadee was ?
but it was not with Zombies 
what was that? Vampire?
vampire
Semir: what does he mean with sauce?
Wow. I have to say that the song is cool. I havent expected this. 
from music video this was amazing. I liked the atmosphere, great halloween atmosphere. I liked it a lot. 
I havent expected that in that music video would be a choreography. 
and that was cool too!! Nice. PPOP is rising. I hope many people will recognize how strong PPOP is. 
really nice. Lets like that MV and subscribing him. (Is that his channel?)
write your opinion in the comments. If you havent watched our other PPOP reactions then visit my channel. We have done many 
to SB19, ALAMAT, BGYO, BINI and and and and MAYMAY ENTRANTA - really good
if you enjoyed this video so please LIKE this video and dont forget to subscribe my channel. 
