Thank you so much for joining me my name 
is Liza Quin, it has taken me a really  
long time to get to this video between the 
requests and the new things that come out,  
and I am just glad I finally made it here and just 
in time for the holiday season! Let's do this!
excited!
wish 107.5
what?!
i was not expecting that. i was like, is 
there another singer in the room who's  
doing the Celine part? "you are crazy!" 
I'm fascinated by where this is going!
prayer
when we lose our way
lead us to a place
guide us
with your grace
okay let's try to break down some of these 
technical aspects... there are a couple  
little pitch discrepancies, 
but it's understandable,  
and this just because of some little subtle 
scoops like "prayer" and stuff like that.
so when that stuff does happen, if you just 
think about not changing the shape you just think  
"bright" the whole way through and it's just in 
one bright shape, you can avoid those little pitch  
discrepancies when you scoop or give one vowel 
a two-vowel sound. obviously, this is from back  
in 2018, so i would love to hear some of his more 
recent performances, because i bet he's right on!
doing both parts?!
he's giving me "aladdin" AND "jasmine"! 
all the disney goodness in one! i mean,  
i'm fascinated! and the way he gives chest voice 
with a nice ring to it, and he's back and forth,  
and this little thing he does here at the end 
which really makes it his own is so beautiful!
i just have to say real quick for any singer 
that i work with that's like "i don't have  
time to breathe...." he's proving that, yes, 
you do! He's a master of the quick breath!
gorgeous
oh
for like a second i was like: "is he gonna do 
the harmony, too?" i wouldn't put it past him!  
this is so well executed guys. the shape, 
the control, the control of the vibrato,  
and i want you to pay attention to 
his body language here particularly  
on these notes that he's sustaining 
look at his breath control here
do you notice how he's not squeezing right it's 
normal that you would see a little bit of a vein  
it comes out more for some people than others but 
that sort of holds where he's here with his body  
and you just see it staying still right and then 
he's just got his eyes closed he just tries to  
drop the jaw and sort of like stay inflated 
and that is just a great way to have this  
great birth control and not let any of 
the muscles get engaged and so well done
we hope it's
i'm fascinated how he's weaving back and forth 
obviously the need to sort of jump in from one  
to the other forces it to get a little bit rushed 
but it's just so impressive that it doesn't even  
matter it's just like the fact that he's able to 
to have dominance of both of those registers so  
so clearly and so beautifully and with all the 
little runs and all the little details it's  
really fascinating including the spots where 
he adds some breath to it gorgeous textures
gorgeous
oh
marcelito you have a new fan you're remarkable  
over my shoulder as usual you can watch 
more videos and i'll see you next time
