Hi guys all right? I am as you know Luckas
And we will do another video reaction here to the channel
Today will be a little different, we will not speak or Vietnam or Thailand
we will see a pop-Fili video, Pinoy-Pop
What would that be? It is music of the Philippines. Yes Philippines.
Yes, the Flilipinas too. If you remember that video I said I'll talk about Vietnam, Thailand, Philippines, Indonesia
You do not remember? So now you have to remember, as I said
But in these months that have passed I spoke of quite
Vietnam and Thailand, but I have not forgotten the other two.
Because he had quite something to see them there I left
and gradually I will also complement the other to not be forgotten
This is a group of girls, several girls
I really liked it, I saw that video on a video
random and I really liked it and would like to do here with you
and would also like to Filipinos can share here with us
I really like the Philippines, I want to go there someday, I hope the Filipino people can share here with us
without further ado, let's watch
the video of them, UGG
In Ikaw calls the music, let's see
1 2 3 and have
It has started well with the dance. They are how many? calm
many. 9
I can not tell, my god of the sky.
10?
I quite like because now they are doing in the Philippines
quite pop music right
I already know some artists from the Philippines
but they had never seen I do not know if it's debut them too.
Looks cool music, I quite like the Philippines songs too
so I'm a little suspicious to speak right people
I've wanted to make Filipino Music reaction here for you
talk some more Filipino fans right
they are very beautiful, but I feel the lack of a blond hair
one red hair, right. in Vietnam
until they use more in Thailand
It depends on the group and the company
beautiful and wonderful hair as well. I like colors right people
It seems those groups, rookie right to speak?
but not so rookie because they do not seem to be so new
Ikaw from what I know is you, right in Filipino.
I am very suspicious to talk about music from any country
Asia, like virtually all.
Oh I really liked it, and I've wanted to do reaction, has other
It has other songs that I want to do and during the week
and possibly during the week we see here in the channel. I had never done
I had not yet made video pro Philippines staff, so I hope that Vietnam staff
Thailand and Brazil. What is new, and like the Philippines staff
and staff of the Philippine get along well with us. Thank you for you who watched here
I hope you liked it, do not forget to sign up in the channel because if you are Filipino
we'll have more videos soon. gives like
comments and shares and up to the next video. A kiss for everyone
watching me, follow me and thank you really. Until the next video. Goodbye!
