MUSIC PLAYING...
BobbieD and I'm coming to you from Talamban Cebu Philippines. I'm having an awesome Time in the Philippines today
Hope you are as well wherever you're from For those of you that are here for the first time
I want to suggest you click on that subscribe button and the bell notification icon
So you can continue receiving fresh new Philippine videos motivational videos world wide videos also
Today I want to talk to you about what are you bringing to the table in your relationship in the Philippines
What are you bringing to the table?
in your relationship in the Philippines!  YAAHHH! hahahah
Such a joy such a joy to be back with you today my friends today I want to talk to you about
how
Foreigners and Filipinas have a tendency to get into a relationship
but the foreigners sometimes have
Uh, Expectations that are
Hmmm. Maybe not so good
foreigners expect the Filipinas  to be on point they expected her to be
Timely,  they expect her to speak English very well. They expect her to be
Respectful, they expect her to be loving they expect her to be caring. They expect her to be 100 percent devoted to the foreigner
And in Reality Um,
Sometimes it works out.  but then again more often than not
it doesn't work that way and then
There are some foreign nationals that have a tendency to want a perfect relationship
What do you mean perfect relationship? well they want a relationship where they bring nothing to the table
But the Filipina has to bring everything. She has to do all the work.  but here I want to tell you something guys
A relationship requires a lot of
Work and the work is not just one-sided
It's two people involved. So it has to be two people committing to making it work
What? Work. W, O, R, K
Now
one of the things that
foreigners need to understand is  whenever you bring whenever you come into relationship whether it be
Filipina, whether
American
whatever nationality
Relationships require that both people bring some things to the table and the things to bring to the table
have to be
compatible with each other
So I would suggest for those of you that are foreign nationals out there you guys trying to get a Filipina
you're not bringing anything  to the table you're
going into your relationship
You may come out a disaster. you're going into relationship in an unrealistic basis.
You have to bring things to the table you have to bring things to the table in order for a relationship to have a chance
now
For those of you that say what do you mean bring things to the table? Yeah bring  things to the table.
the number one thing you need to bring to the table as you enter into a relationship
with a Filipina or any other nationality for that matter is
TRUST
If you're coming into a relationship
With a Filipina and you don't trust them
You're setting yourself up for failure and you're setting that Filipina up for failure. The trust is an
integral part of
any relationship. Whether it's a marital relationship,
boyfriend/girlfriend
Or just friendship, Trust is important if you have no trust for that person
or, you distrust that person then you are destined to fail in that
Relationship. Trust is a two-sided thing. Not only must you trust that person
But the person that you enter that relationship with must  connect with you also it's a two-way street
It works both ways
Not only should you bring trust to the table. But you must bring commitment.
Yeah
commitment you have to make it you have to make a decision that that
Person is who you want to be with you
Decided on that person and that person alone you are committed to that person to their ups to their down
to the failures to the insecurities you are committed to
the relationship
a monogamous relationship with that person whether this marital boyfriend or girlfriend
Whatever you are committed to that one person. That means you're not gonna kick them out just because they mess up
You're gonna commit you committed to be with them
so Trust
commit and then what other thing we bring to the table and the relationship is
financial stability
You've heard it  many times there could be no romance without what?  finance. Yeah hahahah
Friends I gotta let you know if you have no money
You're not going to have a successful relationship. You cannot live off of love and for God's sake you can't live off of sex. Okay?
seriously
Now
money's worth
Now, not not to say that you have to have money  in order to have relationship, No
But if you want a successful relationship whether it be with a Filipina or any other nationality
Money is important
The one thing if you want to look out for as you begin your relationship and as you bring things to the table
is that
You're bringing some finances and maybe and you want to hopefully that the other person is too and when you're dealing this with a Filipina
of course You know many of you don't have
the Finances that's comparable to a foreign national
however, She should bring something to the table if you want a stable relationship ok finances both. It's a two-way street again
Not only should you have trust, Not only should you have commitment, Not only should you have Financial stability
when you bring things to the table in a relationship
but you must have Patience
yeah, Patience it takes time good things to develop
So you gotta have time
Good things take time to develop and time to shape and and form and move and see
One of the problems is when when foreigners get into relationship,they don't want to take the time
To wait on that person to develop
Getting a Filipina in the foyer for a foreign national in the Philippines. Is very very easy
So a lot of guys have this mindset if you mess up on me
I'm kicking you out the door and I'll say next. Yeah, I'll say next...
Yeah and get somebody else but that is really a copout,,,
Because you're not being patient enough. You're not getting that Filipna time
You're not even giving yourself time or your relationship time to develop and grow. And another thing
You Gotta be patient and you got to she has extend patience to you
And You have to be patient with her in order for you to make it successfully and in a relationship ongoing
stable relationship.
so question for the day
What is that one thing  that you
believe
makes a solid relationship go and grow?
Leave you comments for me  in the comments section of this video and as always remember to like share and subscribe
this is BobbieD  saying take care, GOD BLESS and PEACE!
MUSIC PLAYING...
A Towering prince run RUN LIKE THE WIND be a king or queen
Life in the Philippines
music playing.....
