Philippines - Hand in pocket
In the Philippines you notice that you are
constantly putting your hand in your pocket.
You are always having to fork out money for
every little thing that happens.
Very different to Australia, and something
that takes some getting used to.
The Philippines - A cash society
Yes, the Philippines is most definitely a
cash-society.
EFTPOS terminals are rare, as are credit card
facilities.
Even at Down Under Visa, we don't have a credit
card terminal or even one of those swiping
things which makes an imprint on a form.
Down Under Visa, yes...but can't use your
visa card in our office.
We rely on direct EFT deposits into our account
or the ever-convenient PayPal for payments.
In Australia, I could go for days without
ever reaching for my wallet.
And I could get away with a debit card (ATM
card) for just about everything.
Buy fuel.....buy the groceries at the supermarket,
etc?
Use the card, put in the PIN, and you're in
business.
Not so easy here.
You really need to have cash with you, or
you could find yourself caught short at an
inconvenient time.
The other issue is that of security.
Not sure I would want to wave a credit card
around at every little place that accepted
them.
In SM or a major hotel?
Sure.
But in a local 7-11 or at the Petron?
I'd be a bit concerned about where the numbers
may end up.
ATM and credit card security
The Philippines is a third-world country.
There are less "have's" and more "have-not's".
Plenty of people who live day to day, and
lacking marketable and employable skills many
turn to crime.
And you are a white man....a rich foreigner......so
that makes you a target.
You will stand out regardless of how unobtrusive
you try to be.
So you need to watch your cash, and most importantly
your credit cards and ATM cards.
They could easily drain your account if they
can access your ATM.
And whilst you can generally get money back
from fraudulent use of your credit card, you
still need to prove it.
ATM cards?
You want to make sure you only use them in
safe places, and that means genuine ATM machines
that have not been tampered with.
Dodgy-looking solitary machines out the front
of minor malls somewhere?
Or in places that are not well-lit?
If someone puts a card-skimmer onto the card
slot, then you could have all your data as
well as your PIN scanned and stolen.
So use some commonsense.
Paying cash for everything in the Philippines
Nearly everything here is done for cash.
Australia still has many free things, especially
those small things which seem too petty to
ask for money for.
I've even had glasses (eye glasses......not
drinking glasses) repaired by optometrists
in Australia for free.
You get air in the car tyres for free.
You get a JP to witness documents for free.
And whilst it may depend on the church, you
can get baptised, married and buried all for
free.
Not so in the Philippines!
Get the priest to bless your house, and the
hand goes out!
I have difficulty in adjusting to that, I
can tell you.
I suppose much of this must come down to whether
you generally have enough that (a) you don't
need to chase small amounts of money, plus
(b) you have a bit of an abundance and are
therefore reasonably happy to share.
Here whilst the Filipino friend, neighbor
or relative may have enough goodness in his
heart to want to help you, he may not have
the abundance to share or the cash to do that
thing.
That means if they collect you from the airport,
chances are the van needs to be paid for.
If they have you around for dinner, maybe
they can't afford the lechon manok or the
coca cola that they want to offer you.
Have a headache?
Chances are there's no paracetamol in the
house and someone needs to rush off and buy
two.
And other issue is genuine poverty.
The person who can only get a job collecting
P5 for use of the public toilet, or for guiding
you into traffic when you leave the mall,
or for putting air in your tyres, that might
be essential for feeding his kids.
No one gives tips in Australia, because people
are paid well.
Not so in the Philippines.
It's pretty well accepted that those who can
give, should give.
I's rarely very much.
So be prepared to share some of the abundance
that you have with those who do not.
