While I was there I have workmates 
who talked about
Study.  Work. Migrate.
Ah yes!  Those banners that say "STUDY -"
"WORK AND LIVE." hehe  
-Yes, that's the one!  Study.  Work.  Migrate.  Make your dreams come true!
That's the pathways! Ha!
So, I was intrigued by those advertisements.  
At that time, did you know anyone in New Zealand?  -Nope! :)
I have no friends/family members living in New Zealand.
Really, I didn't know what to expect.
"Hi everyone, my name is Veronica. I create- "
"informative videos about nursing career and"
"so if you are new here, please hit"
LIKE and SUBSCRIBE
Thank you!
Clinical coders convert information in patient 
discharge notes into health classification codes.
This information is then used for  research and to
plan health funding and services
On this video, we'll talk to Roan Bondoc
a Clinical Coder in New Zealand.
Please tell us about your journey to New Zealand.
My name is Rose Anne Bondoc
But I prefer to be called Roan because
I feel like 'Rose Anne' is too girly for my personality.
I am 27 years old.  I am a graduate
of Bachelor of Science in Nursing (FEU NRMF) at Quezon City.
Batch 2012.  I lived in Quezon City since highschool.
Yes, I worked in the Philippines.  My first job was working as a Travel Nurse.
I'm not sure if that's what it's called.
But my job description includes joining students on school trip (field trip). 
Because I think in the past, there was some concerns about students going on trips without a nurse.
Really because, you'll never know what could happen.
I really enjoyed doing that job.
-I didn't even know about that.
Yes, well because I enjoy travelling, I had so much fun with that job.
We went as far as Bataan.
We went to southern areas like Subic.
I also worked in a hospital before working as a Medical Coder (in the Philippines).
Oh,so there's actually a Medical Coder Job in the Philippines.  -Yes, there is.
In the Philippines we call it Medical Coder.
In New Zealand, it's called Clinical Coder.
Who's your employer before?  Is it a private company or a hospital?
It was a third party company.  When I was working in the Philippines our employer was actually based in US.
I think it's under a BPO  (Business Process Outsourcer) 
I worked there for almost 3 years.
And then while I was there, I had workmates
who talked about Study.  Work.  Migrate.  
You know the common slogans/ads:  Study.  Work.  Migrate.  Make your dreams come true!
Those pathways.
So I was intrigued... I wanted to know more about it.
That's when I first thought about working abroad... and if its really something that I'd like to do.
Was the advertisement solely focused on New Zealand?  Did they feature other countries?
Yes, there were other countries too.  I initially wanted to go to Australia.
Most of my friends moved to Australia.  They first studied there and eventually got a job.
However, when I reviewed for IETLS.  Our reviewer compared the minimum English test result/score  required for 
USA,  Canada, UK, Australia and New Zealand.
And then through further asking around.  They said that in New Zealand if you completed a postgraduate degree, you'll be given an open job search visa valid for 1 year.
So I thought, that was a better option compared to studying in Australia.
Because I think in Australia, after you finished studying that's it. Your visa will really depend if you can find an employer or not.
So anyway, I thought it's better if I go to New Zealand.
I've actually met a lot of (pinoy nurses) 2-3 years ago who enrolled for a 1 year post graduate study.
Others knew about the NZRN registration process for Internationally Qualified Nurses
which most of the time meant that they have to complete CAP (Competence Assessment Program).
However, there were others who didn't know about CAP.
What can you tell future applicants who for example, they asked an agency and the agency recommended studying a 1 year post graduate course
(to get  an open job visa)
However, that applicant's goal is to become a NZRN. 
Would you recommend studying that 1 year postgraduate course?
In my opinion, don't study the 1 year post graduate course!  :)
My other friends who studied the 1 year postgraduate course and then completed CAP.  They didn't really use the postgrad to claim any points.  
It's not really related with the NZRN registration process.
It is in the same field -health services.
But the postgrad course that we studied was more on Management (Paper/Course).
So if you have a chance to enrol for CAP.  Just chose that option instead.
I think that's the better option.
I have other friends who moved here and went on to complete CAP.
They got their NZRN license and found work.  So yeah, just be patient.
How did you find out about the Clinical Coder job?
When you were planning to move here, did you want to be a Registered Nurse or a Clinical Coder?
I really wanted to be a NZRN.  Initially I wanted to complete the postgrad course and then after that research how to get NZRN license.
But when I was processing my application, I saw that you have to have 2 years post registration experience so I can enrol for CAP.
I still needed 1 year experiene.
So anyway, I look at my other options.  If I can not get NZRN license through CAP, what else can I do?
So I was told that I should study 2 (instead of 3 years) Bachelor of Nursing here in New Zealand.
However, I was not in the financial position to study nursing for another 2 years.
So after that, I looked at other options so  I can get a permanent job.
Then I saw about... Clinical Coding so that's the career that I pursued.
Where you still int he Philippines when you were researching this? -No, I'm already in New Zealand.
Did you use an agency in the Philippines?  -Yes.
So when I asked the agency, they said that because I don't have enough experience post registration,
I'll have to study Bachelor of Nursing in New Zealand (2 years instead of 3).
So I said, I'll just go to New Zealand, study the 1 year postgraduate course, apply for open job search visa, and see what happens.
When I got here, that's when I found out that in order to become NZRN, I'll have to complete CAP (Competence Assessment Program) and have 2 years experience.
-which I don't have so...
like I said I looked at other options to pursue my dreams.
So, here in New Zealand you are not a Registered Nurse, correct? -Yes.  Do you have to be a NZRN to become a clinical coder?
No.  There's a different pathway to become a clinical coder.  You don't need to be a NZRN to be a Clinical Coder.
Did you have to study/retrain in New Zealand to become a Clinical Coder?
No, I really got lucky.
Can you please explain further?
When they advertized for the role, they were looking for Clinical Coders with Australian based training.  Sorry I forgot what the actual title was.
The training that I completed in the Philippines was US based.
But you know, I tried to apply anyway.
I applied not knowing if I'll be accepted.
After so many months, 
I actually forgot that I sent an application!
For real, I totally forgot I applied.  'Coz at that time I was already working as a health care assistant.
So you worked as a HCA as well! 
Yes, well initially I worked as a community support worker.
Then I worked as a HCA and that's the pathway that I was going to take to get a work visa.
However, there were changes in immigration (work visa application).
They questioned the qualification I completed versus the job offer that I received.
Anyway, I totally forgot that I applied as a clinical coder.
I wasn't really sure if I'll get the job because I didn't have Australian training.
So after, 6-7 months, I received a call from DHB.  They said they will consider my traning because that is the equivalent of the Australian training.
So once they offered the job, did you grab the opportunity right away?
YES!  Because, my first work visa application was actually declined!  :(
What do you mean?  What happened?
So I was working as a Health Care Assistant (on open job search visa).  Then I applied for work visa.  But-
after reviewing my application.  They said that I completed a level 7 postgrad study, I am PHRN, but I am applying as a HCA.
They didn't think that my job offer fits my qualification so my work visa application was declined.
After that I was mentally preparing myself.  I looked at return flights to the Philippines.  I was really sad.
I felt like I was saying goodbye to my New Zealand dream.  This happened on a Friday.
Then I thought, I'll just make the most out of this adventure.  Monday, I went to Auckland to attend a concert.
Priorities right?  Hahaha!  But it was planned months ago....
But you know, I thought it'll be my last activity before I return home.
I'll watch this concert and then go home. :)
So I was on a bus going to Auckland, then I got a call from DHB asking my availability for an interview.
Interview for what?  *Roan noticed she's been narrating the call in Tagalog.  "Yup we were speaking tagalog on the call!  Joke."
"Maybe it's a Filipino Interviewer?" hahaha "Maybe it's me!" lol
Anyway, she said it was for a clinical coder vacancy and I asked "When did I apply?"  😲
So she clarified, she received my application in August, but they call me the following year (March) -Wow, that's a while back.
Yeah, it took a while and I didn't really think much of it when I applied.  'Coz you know I might get rejected.
Anyway, I said I was available that following Friday for interview and exam-
Completed documents.   I also told them that my visa (open job search visa) was expiring so I have to go home
Then anyway, they said they will help me provide documents to support my work visa application.
So I just had to reiterate that I have to process my application from the Philippines.
So I went back in the Philippines for 2 months.
What was the exam like?  *for the clinical coder application*
First, I went for an interview, then took a situation exam of how you will code the patients' diagnosis.
So when they reviewed my CV, they know that I have the same training -and you have relevant experience.  -Yes.
There are some differences with the codes and guidelines but the principles of how you will translate the diagnosis to codes is the same.
So I managed to answer the interview questions and exam.
Yehey!  Congratulations!  (delayed and super belated Congratulations hahaha)
Yeah, but I am very grateful.  Imagine, in a span of days I receive my work visa rejection, then I got another job offer.  What are the odds.  :)
And I actually didn't know that you went back in the Philippines.  
When my initial work visa application was declined, the letter also said that I have to leave the country otherwise I can be deported.
Thank you for sharing that too us.  Because you know  sometimes when they hey hear you are working abroad, you'll think you have a great and easy life....
but a lot of things had to happen first before you can truly settle in a new country.
Yes, that's true.  It's not easy.  There will be nights when you'll cry a lot.
You know, we don't really post about our challenges.  For me, I don't want my family to worry... they'll probably ask me to come home if it gets really though.
What is it like working as a Clinical Coder?
I'm not a morning person, BUT if it's a work day, I wake up early.
I start at 7:30 or 8.  Our schedule is flexible.
Some days you'll get a straightforward chart.
It's not physically tiring but it can be mentally draining.
Specially if you've read multiple charts with long admission.
There are days when the diagnosis is simply abdominal pain.
Or it can get complicated and lead to abdominal surgery.  You get a wide range of possibilities.
Sometimes, it can be confusing because the coding guidelines will be different from the medical concepts that you know.
So sometimes, I have to take off my nursing cap and just read and follow the coding guidelines.
But it's good if you have a medical/nursing background.  One moment you'll be coding urology, cardio or respi- 
You still have to stick with the coding guidelines, but the advantage is you'll know where to look for information.
You can also filter relevant information more quicly.
As a clinical coder is there a quota of patients notes that you have to read?  Or does it depend on your hours of work?
I was actually surprised.  Because in the Philippines we have a minimum number of patients notes that we have to code. But in New Zealand, our manager understands 
that sometimes you'll get a simple chart, sometimes you;ll get a complicated one.
So for inpatient charts, if you can code at least 4 charts an hour, that's good.
Yeah, in the Philippines they have a quota, -Yes.  example outpatient chart, you have to code 80-100 charts/shift.  Gosh that's a lot.
Anyway, here, you have to do at least 4 charts/hour. And also its negotiable if you really have a difficult chart to read.
What are the pros/cons of being a clinical coder?
I'll start with the cons.  hehe
It's a routine job.  You know you go to work for 8 hours, sit in front of a computer.
So you know some people might not enjoy doing that.  It can be boring.  All day you read read, and type.
You tend to read a lot.  Documents/paperwork and then sometimes it can be confusing.
But the good side of it -well at least based on my experience.  I am not sure if its the same for everyone.
My hours are flexible.
So even if I work for 8 hours, some days if I have an important appointment, I can leave work earlier and then work longer the next day -to balance it out.
So that's really good for me.  And my workmates are really amazing!  The work culture is great too.
In New Zealand, we don't use Ma'am/Sir.  You won't feel inferior.
You call each other on a first name basis, you will feel that you are all equal.
You know something that I don't know about.  I also know something that you may not know.  So, we can learn from each other!  :)
I also enjoy working as a Clinical Coder because I keep learning.
What advice can you give to other nurses moving to New Zealand?
I am scared to give out advice.  I'm not qualified!  :)
-Just base it from your experience.  Actually, listening to your story, I learn to just keep trying! haha
Yeah, just keep pushing!  If you get rejected once, don't lose hope. Don't see it as a TOTAL REJECTION.
Have the patience to keep trying, applying... and you should also be willing to take some risks.
You should also be willing to get out of your comfort zone.
And I know when we think of nurses we imaging them working in a hospital,
but there are other options for nurses as well (like in community/district nursing, teletriage)
Keep exploring other options.
Be open to different possibilities, specially if you want to work abroad.
Keep pushing!
Was it worth moving to New Zealand?  What makes it worth it?
Yes, it's worth it.  Aside from better pay-
one of the benefits is achieving personal growth.  You won't know how much you can endure-
You won't know the real you without facing challenges and difficulties
And I learned a lot of things (and about myself) when I left my comfort zone.
If you enjoyed watching this video, please don't forget to hit LIKE and SUBSCRIBE.  Thank you!
