Hey guys, this is Rafał from szukajacprzygody.pl
Today I invite you to an episode about security in the Philippines
Today's episode is probably recorded from the highest restaurant
in Dumaguete
I am currently on the 8th floor
here is a restaurant
there is an amazing view
on 3-4 neighboring islands around
Siquijor
Cebu island, Apo island
same to the island of Negros. A really amazing view
to the mountains, to the sea. Everything can be seen from all sides.
Today's material is my subjective safety assessment in the Philippines
he realizes that different people have traveled before
around the Philippines. Or were they here on vacation
and have different feelings about this. However, this is my 5 years of experience
being here on the islands
so be aware that everyone could have had a different experience
I describe what happened to me and what
I experienced or what my closest friends
have experienced here on the island
To talk about security in the Philippines, I think
that it's best to divide it into 3 categories
That is: Kidnapping safety
terrorist attacks
and other situations such as ransom kidnappings
and the second category
these are accidental situations, i.e.
thefts, tsunamis or earthquakes.
who visit philippines and 3 more such an additional category
this is security related to running a business
here on the islands
The first category is security related
with kidnappings or terrorist attacks
if you see the website of the ministry of foreign affairs
basically any country. Poland, USA, Germany
Switzerland or e.g. Canada
pay attention to each of these countries
advises against coming to vacation in the Philippines. Why is this happening?
Philippines
have a little difficult situation because
two groups are actually fighting here
or Catholicism which is 90% in the Philippines
and Islam
which occupies a small part of the islands in the Philippines
They are only on Mindanao
Sulu Islands and these areas
this is basically the only dangerous region that
do not visit the Philippines
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs, however
informs you that most of the Philippines is dangerous
which is wrong
I suspect a dozen million tourists from around the world
he visits the Philippines every year and none of them feels dangerous.
Therefore, as I say
I've never felt dangerous in the last 5 years
because I was afraid that someone would kidnap me
will there be any terrorist attack associated
in Dumaguete or on the island of Siquijor
As you well know from the island of Siquijor you can see Mindanao
That is, dangerous areas that are dangerous for everyone
but you don't feel this danger.
If you even tried to go to Sulu
or for this part of Mindanao
you will pass 5-10 military patrols
which they advise you not to go there
So it's not like you can just get there
u feel that someone will kidnap you
have the impression that someone will kidnap you
It's really hard to get there for the ordinary tourist
the next category is accidental situations
random events. So, for example, motorbike accidents
wallet or phone theft
or other different items
Of course, this happens
But such situations occur in the Philippines and in every other country
European or America
so it is normal that they can happen
I for 5 years
I saw and visited many different things in the Philippines
I visited many different islands on a motorcycle
I was in areas where tourists do not dive
and I didn't feel such danger that someone wants to rob me specifically.
Only once I had such an unpleasant situation
when on the island of Siquijor
somebody stole my whole apartment
I went out to the party in the evening, and when I came back it turned out
that the flat is
not all but a backpack
with the laptop was killed
someone just got through the window and broke inside.
it seems to me that it was a random event because
if it was some kind of recorded work by someone who knows me
would know very well that burglar that he is in this apartment
many, many more expensive items
and really someone stole my backpack in which I had
kindle, Go pro
external drive
and all this was stolen from one backpack
left a drone, projector. He even left money that was of great value.
a few thousand zlotys
This Person broke in, is a kid, by accident into this apartment.
stole what she saw on the table
and ran away
Do I feel dangerous in this situation in the Philippines?
No, basically I didn't even think for a moment to leave this country
Because of this situation. Of course after this situation
I didn't feel confident in the apartment where I lived
because if you have already been hacked once. Perhaps it will be such that he will do it again
However, after this accident the house
he was so secure that it was hard to steal anything
precious things were kept in a safe
I didn't have this safe before
So such random events happen
Further accidental situations occur in the Philippines
which are dangerous are motorbike accidents.
Why is this happening?
for a very simple reason
most tourists drive under the influence of alcohol
anyway just like local society
Nobody realizes this but such accidents
this is the most common problem in the Philippines, and not just from the Filipinos
but the same for tourists. Is that
you are going on vacation to the Philippines and you will see a lot
tourists with bruises or abrasions on the body is a normal thing
Very often they fall over under the influence of alcohol
or because they drive a scooter for the first or second time in their lives
at a speed of 50 - 60 km per hour
and just skidding
I put you on here
It's best if you rent a scooter to check its quality.
Are the tires good quality or are the brakes working
and do you really know how to navigate it along the way?
Very often people have accidents
and then they end up in hospitals
but these are random events and they can happen everywhere.
And in the Philippines scooters are very popular and basically everyone drives them
and what's going on is even if you don't come back under the influence of alcohol
the Filipino who is coming from the opposite direction may be influenced
and he will cause an accident
But that's not all, the worst part is it
no matter who causes the accident
You will legally cover the damage
and believe me, this happened
when the Filipino got on a tourist on a motorcycle
and it was the tourist who had to cover the costs of Filipino treatment
their and obviously damage to motorbikes
keep this in mind and try to drive as safely as possible
because such cases happen
not once a year but once a week
and the last category I mentioned earlier
that is, the security of doing business
You may think that
what can be dangerous about that?
In the Philippines, doing business is not easy
Everyone thinks that you can buy land
much cheaper than in Europe or open a business
it's much cheaper too
whole problem solution. No
it's not like that. Security of doing business in the Philippines
It is about not getting cheated
in your business. So do it for a good person
if you open it to Filipino
or do it without overpaying 10x. Because such situations also happen
But about these details, how to run such a business
there will be another episode to which I invite you cordially
 
 
 
 
 
