Hello! Welcome to Happy Hour with Oli! 
I'm Oli, and today we are at Plato Filipino,
a restaurant located in Vancouver British Columbia 
Canada.  After my last taste of Filipino food  
at Shameless Buns, a lot of you commented that I 
should try some more authentic... maybe some more  
traditional Filipino food.  And I heard Plato 
Filipino has really really good reviews.  And ta-da!  
Their food is indeed very very delicious looking. 
So over here, obviously, I've got spring rolls  
boule, which is one of their specials.  And here 
is the adobo.  This is something that I'm trying  
for the first time.  It's called laing l-a-i-n-g.  And 
it's spinach cooked with coconut milk and shrimp.
And then this one was recommended by the 
staff.  This is their take of the beef rendang.
everything is smelling so delicious.  i'm like 
almost drooling into them, so let's dig in!  
okay.  so rule number one - right?  test 
the spring roll!  so we got here  
their lumpia, which is the pinoy take of spring 
rolls.   now at first glance i was thinking this  
spring roll looks kind of dark looking.  and i don't 
know... i'm a little bit doubtful.   let me bite into it!
this is good stuff!  the outside 
is crunchy to perfection.  
and then the inside is not just your 
ordinary chinese spring spring roll with  
like bits of vermicelli and veg inside.  this 
one is mostly meat, and has marinated meat.  
so it's almost like biting into a spring roll 
with spam in the middle.   oh baby... i like this!
let's taste test the laing. 
grab some of the spinach,
gravy.   i think this dish is supposed to 
have prawns.  oh here we are! here's a prawn~
it's spicy!  because it says spinach and coconut 
milk, i didn't expect this dish to be very spicy.  
but it's really really flavorful. the 
kind of spicy in here is more like  
pepper hot.  and the texture of the spinach 
is still there.  it's not completely mushed up.  
so it's a very comforting kind of texture. 
the legs of the shrimp has very good taste.  
here we go.  the shrimp with 
the rice and the spinach.
the prawn has completely soaked in the 
flavor.  the texture of the prawn gives  
this dish substance.  a little bit of depth as well, 
with the sea taste that it brings with it.  good.
the second dish that we're gonna taste is the 
beef rendang.  look at this goodness.  so having  
lived in malaysia for six years, i have a personal 
impression of the malaysian beef rendang.  finally!
this is very very tasty. but it is really 
really different from malaysian beef rendang.  
for example, i can tell the base of this dish 
is made from tomatoes, so it has that degree  
of a little tartness plus the sweetness. it also 
has this taste of spices. it does kind of taste  
curry-ish. i would say this is the fusion dish.  
the filipino people making it into their 
version of beef rendang. i like it.  it's yummy!
alrighty, last up.   last time when we went to 
shameless buns, we only ordered adobo fries.  but  
this is the real deal adobo! i see fatty bits. 
yummy! i want the fatty bits. come to mama! 
the gravy looks really nice.  it looks 
like something that can make you  
eat a lot of rice.  i learned from one 
of the comments that you guys posted  
that filipino people judge how good the food 
is by how much rice you can eat with this dish.
a savory, rich, fatty goodness 
that  explodes into your mouth. oh... 
so good.  this dish makes me appreciate the 
fat in the pork.  look at this... look at this.
the adobo that we had last time, the fries 
took away a lot of the focus off the adobo.  
i feel like the flavors were good, but 
they weren't this deep.  because of the fat  
in the pork, it's so rich. and it just 
like... it satisfy you.  it reminds me of  
chinese "Mei Cai Kou Rou"  and the Chashu pieces on 
top of japanese ramen.  like it's that combination  
of lean meat with lots of flavor, and then 
that rich fattiness surrounding it.  and  
like with a gravy with the rice all in your mouth, 
yup! i'm gonna have to eat a lot of rice today.
my impression of filipino food is that it's 
colorful, it's exciting, and it's a fusion kind  
of food, with lots of influences from all over the 
world. and today, my experiences at plato filipino  
has reaffirmed my beliefs.  to take something 
that is familiar, and then to put a fresh  
spin on it by using local ingredients, by using 
local spices, and coming up with a dish that's  
practically a new dish, ah! to me, that is 
the most exciting part of filipino cuisine.  
do you like filipino food? what other foods 
would you like to see me try next? comment below  
and let me know. and don't forget to like 
and subscribe so you'll never miss out on  
a happy hour adventure with me. until we eat 
and drink again next time. cheers mates!  bye~
