Good morning, travelers! It's DAY 4 from our big Filipino adventure!
We are going on a little trip from Lapu-Lapu to Cebu CIty. It's going to be a 1 day tour 
We hope to see some great stuff. It's around 9 AM now and we are waiting our driver to come and pick us up
From what we know it will take around 6 hours so we will spend the whole day there
Let's see what Cebu City can offer us!
THE PHILIPPINES
DAY 4
CEBU CITY and LAPU - LAPU
This is in memory of the dead people in the Spanish - Pilipino war
This was our first stop - the monument of Lapu-Lapu and some plates which described the war between Spain and the Philippines 
Basically, Lapu-Lapu was one of their heroes. He was the first Filipino hero because he was the first native to resist imperial Spanish colonization 
Please note that the tour guide is just a driver and you should read all information from the places where you go
As I said, we have got 6 hours for the whole tour, but the good thing is that we don't have a limited time in each of the places so we can manage our time as we want
That was the Alegre Guitar Factory and where exactly he made his first guitars. Overall, was great! There was some souvenirs you can buy! Here we go...
This is for books, where you can pin your current page. We also have got a small guitar here...
(...some Bulgarian song :)...)
The next stop is THE YAP SAN DIEGO ANCESTRAL HOUSE... I guess it is related to the Chinese culture considering the ornaments 
 Let's see what is inside...
There is an entrance fee! (NOTE: If you have a guide tour, you probably do not need to pay!)
What a lovely couple?:)
That was the house of San Diego and don't forget to see the monument on the opposite site. Now back to the bus...
(All the time I said Santiago although it is SAN DIEGO) 
After a few tries I finally said it:  The San Diego's house is the oldest Chinese house outside China! 
Magellan's Cross is a Christian cross planted by Portuguese and Spanish explorers as ordered by Ferdinand Magellan upon arriving in Cebu in the Philippines on April 1521
The tour continues... We are now in the center of Cebu City. I can confirm that it is a lot nicer than Lapu-Lapu. What do you think?
Rumi:It is definitely better than Lapu-Lapu!
If you visit this place you will find a lot of people selling candles for the church and here is the Magellan's journey ...
One of the good things we noticed is that the Pilipino people are very religious in all areas 
The new style is here!  
THE CAT: LISTEN THE GUIDE, STOP RECORDING!
Emmanuel Panares - the person who painted all pictures here
Each triangle tattoo represents how many people he killed 
I would say that the guide here is probably the best one we have got for today! Very detailed   and told us a lot of stuff!
The whole castle is made by corals!!!
I repeat...
The whole castle is made by corals!!!
Rumi: It is great!
The castle is impressive, come and visit it! It is worth it, I like it! 
Very interesting there are bananas trees, never seen that before!
Another one here...which did not produce bananas but it used for clothing
This is how Magellan carried the cross
The overall feedback I would say - it was great! I would definitely encourage you to visit this place if you come to Cebu City! Goodbye San Pedro :)
Oh wait! This is not our bus!
It is! Go on!
Let us see this restaurant! 
