welcome to the southern part of the
Philippines
this is Mindanao in Davao City
is Roxas. This  is the home of  the
presidents Rodrigo Duterte
This night market there was a bomb happen
here last year in September 2016
Roxas night market this setup will start
from 5:00 in the afternoon until
midnight
mam Rayban. How much? 300 pesos. Flexible Rayban.
Do you sell daily here? Yes, we sell by walking everyday.
Brother what do you sell here? I sell accessories of cellphones mam.
Do you sell here daily? Oh yes, but we can only sell within 3 months.
Only every 3 months? Oh, is your income then be okay?
My income is okay. ( with a smile)
{music is playing in the background.
this was the area hidden together with
the Baggage and we will be interviewing
some people who was here that they
September 2 2016.
Hi brother, good day, may I know your name? My name is Armando.
Brother can we ask some info about the bombing here last year?
Where did it happen?
It happen right here where I stand.
This place? This? this where you stand? Yes mam, the bomb blasted where I stand.
Wow, in the middle of Roxas Street? Yes mam.
Don't mind to share with us if how many were those died and injuries
When the bomb exploded, the people running everywhere back and forth.
Cindy one that Anna
suppose a multiple mama before hot Sarah
There were 8 people died and 71 injured that day. Blood and body parts were every were.
What happen? is there any 911 came like after 5 minutes? Since were in the City?
We have 911 here, but they will come that fast because they need to make sure
area  is clear of bombs. because it may have another bomb again hidden.
They will really make sure to clear the are.
How was your reaction then? You are so brave. I saw the blood and body parts
so I just do my part and my colleague help then. We call a taxi and those who
is injured, asking for help, so we help. We did not panic. Just keep calm.
I was asking help from my friends who were here that day too.
Armnado was telling me that there were
total of 16 deaths and 71 injured at
night well today we are back to normal
life is back to normal here in Roxas
Street this is their daily life this is
their source of income every day. Once
again his name is Armando and he can do
foot and body massage for you if you are
not shy to be massaged along the street
well you have to try something what
locals do because there's always more
fun when you do things along with the
locals here in Davao City
oh yeah another has been doing that 4
years
ah
Wow
how is it tastlike it is taste good girl
so what are you eating right now is a
balut right
yes I have a balut and she have pinoy.
and Pinoy what's the difference between
The Balut has a chick and the pinoy is like an egg but wet.
Ya, its like a head
 
hey baby
it is fast good?
 
Oh
Hello brother, what are you selling
This is chicken intestine
okay what are you guys buying?
What are they?
what is on this balls?
Oh Chicken skin? Ahhhhhhhh!!
Chicken skin.. oh man..
Only in the Philippines
hey guys which school are you from?
Holy Cross. So today's Friday and
tomorrow there's no school for you? Yes
okay yes so what's going on tonight
Friday night okay you have a little party? Oh yes! so where is San Miguel Beer?
viewers in America so I love America
You love America will you be going there
after school? Oh yes, after my studies. alright, so you have to study more!
So what is your name? My name is Denis Cabeso mam, follow me on FB.okay I find you on FB Philip
 
Marco Polo of Davao
numbers
