My dad's been sponsoring a little girl in the Philippines for well over a decade. Well, three years ago
He came to the Philippines for the first time and paid her a visit and now we're doing it again today.
How do you feel about going and seeing Ruby Jane for the second time?
We are so excited.
Real happy to do that. I'm just curious how much she's changed in three years.
Considering she went from 13 to 16. How did you start sponsoring?
We had a priest come to our church
He spoke at our church. And then at the back of the church, he had couple tables full at least three tables
At least we had packets of the different people looking for sponsors
so
I came  and Diann had already gone off to the car. I came back there and I was looking at all these different
packets and then I picked out a few I had like three I
Kinda narrows it down to three and then I narrowed it down to Ruby Jane. She's the one we ended up picking
She was 7 years old when we started sponsoring her so she's 16 now
We've been doing it for a while. Now one thing she told
Last time we were here, I think she said from her village. They got something like 32 kids
It was 30 something that have sponsors, but she said no other sponsors had
visited their sponsor child. She said we were the first so I'm kind of curious as
Any of those other kids had a sponsor in the last three years that has come to visit
We're still the only ones and we're on our second trip while they made us feel real
Special because all the stuff they did we weren't expecting like first one we got in
The village there when we got in there and we still had walk-in up to her house
But the whole made and they were really well done
welcoming signs.
You go a little bit taller.
Oh, I'm gonna cry.
If I'm not mistaken, that's Johnny over there.
How ya doing?
She's taller now
I'm gonna cry. We were supposed to fly here yesterday when we got to the airport
They wouldn't let us on the plane. And so we had to take a bus. We've been riding the bus all day yesterday
We got in about 11 o'clock.
Last night cause they wouldn't let us fly here. We haD tickets, but they didn't let us on the plane
We just brought a few things. We brought you some more licorice in case you like that
Got you some more of those suckers. Hopefully you like that. We get these at a store that caters to girls her age
So you might be able to use some of this.
This is the kind of stuff I normally have to get her
It's so hard to buy her a present cause I have to buy something small enough
to fit in an envelope.
That's why I want to take her shopping now. Her birthday is only a few weeks away
and get her things that I usually have to get her things like this little
but you might be able to use these in her beauty pageants and things like this for her hair
She's got such pretty hair. Here's a bracelet
Hopefully you can use this stuff
a little cross there
That gives you a little variety you can wear I assume you're still competing in beauty contests?
I brought you something I thought was kind of neatt. I don't know if you can use these in them
But like when you're standing up on stage with all the other contestants
especially when the lights down
You want to attract attention to yourself? I got you some of these rings. I don't know how long they last. This one just turns on.
You're on stage and you light this up then everybody's going to look at you
Especially if the lights are kind of down long.
You do some of her costumes. It's all like when you want to attract attention you just turn that and it on and off.
If the judges are looking at the wrong girl, turn your light on.
Hopefully, those will help you out.
So, I guess that's what I got to give out here. Now we can go shopping.
This has been the highlight of his day.
Well, for her.
He loves to shop evidently. I don't know this we've been married for 42 years Wow and
He never liked to go shopping
He's developed a shopping urge.
I never had a little girl to shop for. If Imabelle would stand up, I bought her this dress.
I bought her so many I don't know.  I said, she's like my little girl grown up.
She's like my little girl. Cause I have two sons.
So I didn't get to buy dresses and things. I got a few little grand kids coming up now.
Some of them are girls but some are boys.
Looks nice on you. Yeah, are you comfortable?
If that's what you want, yeah
I guess the denim is very popular right now.
Oh, that's nice.
That's very pretty, I think
It's up to her whether she likes it.
This is nice
I like the other one better but this is nice but you can get all of these if you want if they fit you
Hopefully she knows this is fun for me.
Because I never had a girl buy clothes for so I got to do that while I've got a chance
I like them all so you get any or all of them.
You can get them all if you want them all. Girls are kind of natural-born shoppers
So I thought this would be fun because girls like to shop
Like I said,  men go hunting, you know
They go on to the woods with their arms and they look for a big buck or something
You know women go to the store and hunt for bargains
They're doing the same thing only the hunt for clothes or something for the house. So there that's how they hunt
Why did you want to take Ruby Jane to KFC? Because she said her favorite food was chicken
I'm so happy.
Amazing. They have different wild animals here. What's your favorite wild animal?
Tiger.
Mine too.
You have the same favorite.
Dad when did he start sponsoring Ruby Jane?
I guess that would be what?
When she was seven, she's 16 now nine years ago. Now Ruby Jean now that you are in
twelfth grade
Grade 12. What do you plan on doing after you're finished with high school?
I want to take an exam for education. I want to try to take an exam in Bicol University
Here in Legaspi, right?
At Daraga.
That's another town. So would you stay at that school and not come home in the evenings?
She's still gonna come home from school. So that must be close by then.
15 minutes drive to thirty minutes travel time
Yes
Okay
Well, we wish you the best in the future and we're just
Really wanting you to be the teacher that you want to be
Thank you. I'll do my best and
Study hard. We know you will you have so far. Yes
Ruby Jane
I asked Ruby Jane
What's so nice about being sponsored by you? And then she said
It serves as her inspiration to study hard and to finish school. That's what we were hoping for
That's what we want. We want only the best for you and for your family. Thank you so much
Well, I don't know if I'll get a chance to see her again at least not for quite a while so
I'm gonna miss you. Keep writing me some letters. Let me know how you're doing
And I guess I'll be your sponsor for a while. Yeah, we'd love being your sponsor
Thank You. We love you
Yeah, I think of you every day
I appreciate your efforts to go here to visit me and my family
Your family is always so welcoming when we come.
Hope you had a good time today. I'm so enjoy
I hope you enjoy you new blouses and the dress. Yes. Thank you. We love you.
We love you, too. Thank you for everything
We're gonna miss you.
It has been such a wonderful day.
Yeah, I'm glad we made it because when they wouldn't let us on the plane
I thought all man we're not going to make it
I'm gonna miss you.
I'm gonna start crying.
We haven't even said really goodbye and we're crying already.
She said she's going to miss mom and dad and it's so nice to see them.
Thank you, goodbye.
