In today’s recipe, Rei and I are going to
show you how we make Vegetable Lumpia, also
known as, Lumpiang Gulay! Vegetable Lumpia
is a Filipino spring roll that’s stuffed
with a variety of vegetables, and little morsels
of ground pork and shrimp!
To make vegetable lumpia, you’ll first want
to prep the vegetable filling! Start off by
chopping up some green beans! To prep your
green beans, first wash them and break off
each end. And then, diagonally chop each one,
so that they’re about 1/8th of an inch thick.
You’ll want about 1 ¾ cups worth of chopped
green beans. Next up are carrots. Take a peeled
and washed carrot and cut it into about 1/8th
inch thick circles. And then take those circles,
and slice them up into little strips. Repeat
those steps until you have 1 cup of chopped
carrots. Last but not least is the cabbage.
Take a quarter of a cabbage, and simply shave
off shreds, by cutting at an angle. By the
end you’ll want 3 cups of shredded cabbage.
When you’re ready to start cooking the vegetable
filling, start off by pouring in about 2 tablespoons
of oil into a wok over medium heat. Next throw
in ½ a small sliced onion. And saute it until
it becomes translucent. Then add in 2 cloves
of minced garlic. And saute them until they’re
fragrant. Afterwards drop in ¼ of a pound
of ground pork. Continue cooking everything
until the ground meat looks just about cooked.
Once the meat looks fairly cooked, add in
your green beans. And mix them in. Pour in
about 1 tablespoon of water. And then cover
your wok with a lid. Allow everything to steam
for roughly 2 minutes. When its done steaming,
throw in your shredded cabbage. And then add
another 1 tablespoon of water. Followed by
¾ teaspoon of salt. Mix everything together.
We ended up adding another 2 tablespoons of
water, just because it seemed like there wasn’t
enough to steam the rest of the vegetables.
Go ahead and cover your wok again, and steam
everything for another 5 minutes. Afterwards,
drop your carrots and mix them in. Cover the
vegetables one last time, and steam for another
1-2 minutes.
Now just place your vegetable filling into
a strainer that’s placed on top of a bowl.
Next, take the vegetable broth left over,
and pour into a new pot. We’ll be using
this liquid to cook the shrimp for the filling.
To prep your shrimp, just take one that’s
already been fully peeled with the tail removed,
and cut it down the middle. And then, chop
it up into little pieces. You’ll want about
¼ of a pound of shrimp by the time you’re
done. Next, drop your shrimp into the pot.
If you find that the vegetable broth doesn’t
fully cover your shrimp, just add some chicken
stock. Bring your shrimp to a boil. Once its
at a boil, immediately turn it off and your
shrimp should already be fully cooked at this
point. Now, strain the broth from the shrimp.
Add the shrimp to the vegetable filling. And
mix it in.
At this point, its finally time to start rolling
your vegetable lumpia! First take a lumpia
wrapper and place it on your rolling surface
so that it looks like a diamond from your
point of view. Then take roughly 2-3 spoonfuls
of your vegetable filling, and evenly spread
it across the center, like so. Next, tightly
fold up the bottom corner. And then firmly
grab the portion with the vegetable filling,
and fold it over once as well. Now, fold over
the right and left corners inwards. Then,
roll everything forward about twice over.
Afterwards, dab your finger in some egg wash,
and spread it across the top corner of your
wrapper. Now just roll it forward, and you’re
done rolling your first vegetable lumpia!
Repeat these steps until you’ve used up
all of your vegetable filling!
When you’re done, its finally time to fry
them up! Place your vegetable lumpia in about
½-1 inch deep of oil that’s been preheated over
high heat. Since the filling is already fully
cooked, all you want to do is crisp up the
wrapper and fry it to a nice light golden
brown color. Our oil was already super hot,
so it literally just took a couple seconds
to fry up both sides of the vegetable lumpia.
So depending on how hot your oil is, your
frying time might vary. Once they’re done,
transfer them into a strainer or paper towel
to allow the excess oil to drip off, and you’re
done!
To learn how to make the vinegar sauce for vegetable lumpia, check out
the link in the top right corner! Because
oh my gulay, you shouldn NOT be eating vegetable
lumpia without it! It’s talagang tasty!
