Hi everyone! My name is Aura (DoktAura) and welcome to my channel
where I make videos for aspiring and surviving medical students
and doctors here in the Philippines.
So if you're considering medicine, or you know someone who is.
Or maybe you're in the middle of med already and you're still clueless on what you're doing.
I think it's important for you to know how
long it takes for you to complete that road to MD.
Disclaimer - it may take longer or shorter depending on the person or program.
but what I'm about to give
you is just a basic outline (the minimum)
"minimum" but it still takes a long time!
Anyway - let's start!
The journey starts as early as high school when you pick your course and your college.
and I wish I knew that earlier but no. Hmm.
But let's start the official count after high school.
So there's college. This is your pre-med. Four years of pre-med.
Any BS or BA degree, as long as you complete the required number of science units to qualify for med school.
Also you have to take the NMAT exam.
After college, you can take some time off. You can work.
You can travel. You can rest. You can - just stop and really think about what you're getting yourself into.
Really think about pursuing medicine.
But some people, including myself, we just go straight to med school.
Before we get the chance to change our minds.
Now med school. Med school here in the Philippines is usually four years.
Depending on the school, the first two to three years is usually spent in the classroom.
doing lectures, quizzes, reportings, case discussions, lab work, research, more quizzes, more exams, etc.
until fourth year comes. Fourth year is always Clerkship or Junior Internship.
or on-the-job training in the hospital
where you get to rotate in different rotations in different departments and find out what you're really interested in.
Now at the end of fourth year, if you get to pass your comprehensive exam
and you fulfill all the requirements of the different departments in your hospital
You get to graduate with an MD
So you're a medical doctor but only by education
it's good it's at four and we're late
What good is that for?
Eh - almost nothing.
Maybe a few hundred likes for your
graduation picture on Facebook but aside from that, not much more.
You have to continue with your Post-Graduate Internship.
That's one more year of clinical work, still in the hospital
still kind of as a student, but more level up than the Junior Intern.
Now after your internship, you spend two to three months for intensive review.
Intensive as in you gotta hide in your cave and never come out, not until you pass the board exams.
You take the Physician Licensure Exam and if you pass that, finally - you're a licensed doctor in the Philippines.
This time, that's worth something already.
You can stop there if you want. You can be a general practitioner.
Pursue other things. There are so many other things a doctor can do after med school.
Or you can take the long road well-traveled - residency.
Residency is when you study some more to specialize in a specific field.
That's another three to five years of
learning but this time no longer in a classroom setting
but in the hospital. Then there's another specialty boards after residency.
so if you pass that, then that's the time you can call yourself a..
dermatologist, a pediatrician, an internist, a general surgeon, an OB-Gyn, etc
So after residency - what's next?
You can start a private practice, work in a hospital, or both.
Maybe start your family life cos you're actually going to start earning already by this time - albeit minimal.
Or you can study some more! Go! There's more! You thought it was finished?
You can still do Fellowship training. Fellowship is when you sub-specialize.
So for example, after internal medicine, you're already an internist but you can subspecialize into
Cardiology, Infectious Diseases, Rheumatology, etc.
There's more. There's a lot more.
You know, medicine really is a life long learning thing, so to answer your question.
How long does it take to become a doctor in the Philippines?
It takes - forever.
But the minimum is, if you add that up -
Four years pre-med (college), four years med school, 1 year internship.
Maybe three to five years residency, two to three years fellowship.
That's more or less fifteen years I think. But just like what they always say.
"Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway."
And my personal mantra - "If they can do it, so can I. And if I can do it, so can you."
That's it for now! If you like this video, please click LIKE, click SUBSCRIBE,
and most especially if you have
questions just comment down below and if
you have answers to those questions,
comment down below
let's make this a helpful and positive
community. See you next time!
