Why Filipino Food?
because it's good!
Hi....I'm your Filipino Dad who loves to cook Filipino dishes.
I've been living here in the US for 35 years 
and I'm still a Filipino at heart
My wife told me to speak tagalog if I decide to make this video
so that all my subscribers and followers will know that I can still speak it fluently
because all my recipe videos are in english
I think I already have 1 or 2 bashers leaving comments
Filipino Dad but why is he speaking english?
The real reason why I speak english in my videos
because I want to share my recipes to everyone
a lot of other nationalities or foreigners have tried Filipino food
of course....
what better way to make the videos but to a language where everyone can understand.  Am I right?
Anyway, lets discuss why?
Why Filipino food?
There are so many Filipinos living all over the world
a lot are making their mark and making us proud
like our country's pride Manny Pacquiao who is best known in the world of boxing
Efren Bata Reyes who they call the Magician
best known to be the best billiard player in the world during his time
Paeng Nepomuceno is who is 6th time world bowling champion
and is a world bowling hall of famer
My favorite comedian Jokoy
Famous celebrities like Lea Salonga
and the list goes on and on
We are also known to have the most nurses
nannies, care givers and OFW's (overseas Filipino workers) all over the world
If you ask foreigners what they know about the Philippines.....most say
our beaches are beautiful like Boracay and Coron
Filipinos are hardworking and hospitable
But, when you ask them what they know about Filipino food
their response is 
I haven't tried Filipino food yet
and those who have already tasted it
I like your Lumpia and your Pancit
oh and I heard you guys eat that baby duck egg....what do you call that again?
Oh...you mean balut?
In one interview by Anthony Bourdain a few years ago when he was still alive....he said
Balut was included in one episode of Fear Factor back in the day.  
and they showed the contestants and the host disgusted while they eat balut
we can't blame them
It's true that we eat balut
Somehow
Our food is starting to get popular
thanks to people like Anthony Bourdain
who loves our Sisig and Lechon
He said
also, Andrew Zimmern of Bizarre Foods he predicted
also, thanks to the food vloggers who goes to the Philippines
like Mark Wiens of Migrationology
and Mike Chen of Strictly Dumpling
Millions of people are watching their vlogs
they went to different parts of the country to taste
all kinds of dishes that we have
That's awesome and I salute you
Now, lets talk about Filipino food outside Philippines....like here in the US
Based on a survey in 2018
we are number 31 on the list of World's Most Popular Cuisine
Oh my.....we were almost last on the list
but, in the recent survey on Instagram
We went up to number 10 Most Popular Cuisine
that's a huge improvement right?
What do people say about our food?
some say......Filipino food?  Too oily
others say....too salty
and too sweet
The truth is there are very few chefs who cook authentic Filipino dishes
and when I say authentic
the original way of cooking Filipino food
that when you say Sisig.....it's made of pig's face
when you say Bopis.....it's made of lungs and heart of a pig or cow
In fear of some Filipinos or Filipino-Americans chefs here in America
they make fusion or use different ingredients
so that it's less scary for the American's to eat
There are a lot of Filipino restaurants who make delicious food
but, how come they don't last long?
so, we end up buying at Turo-Turo Restaurants (point out what one wants)
when you see their food
either, swimming in oil, dried-up or darkened 
because they have been out in the food warmers all day
who wouldn't be disappointed?
and they are very expensive too!
When COVID hit the US.....a lot of people lost their jobs
A lot of restaurants went out of business
but. you know us Filipinos
No matter how hard life gets....we are still smiling
All those who are good home cooks came out
and they started selling their special and signature dishes
Filipino groups was formed like NorCal Kababayan and SoCal Filipinos
where our fellow Filipinos can sell their products, meeting, cheering and helping each other out
If not for COVID.....we wouldn't even think about doing this
I salute you too!
As for me, I joined Shef.com
this is a group of home cooks
They started with mostly Indian cooks.....and now
there are a lot of home cooks that are now offering dishes from around the world.
When I started with them
I was sold out 4 months in a row week after week
The profit isn't that much but I still do it
because most of my customers there are non Filipinos
All kinds of nationalities have tried my dishes
and what's even more exciting
they become repeat customers
I just smile when I see them loving Dinuguan so much
 even when they know what's in it
and of course,  we can't avoid complaints
some say some of my dishes are too oily and fatty
because they ordered Humba or Bicol Express
there really is nothing I can do about it
they are oily and fatty
because they are made from pork belly
but, I'm still thankful because only 1% are not happy
So many of them are in love with Filipino food.
Lets go back to the title of this video
Why Filipino food?
because it's really good!
I'm sorry....but I really am biased when it comes to our food
We have a lot of dishes that can compete with other popular dishes today 
like our Kare-Kare
Bicol Express
Adobo
Pork Belly Lechon
different kinds of Noodle dishes
Laing
Humba
Sisig
Lechon Kawali
Crispy Pata
and so much more
You know......
There is only one secret so that we successfully push Filipino food
our ccoking has to be spot on
that's it!
and 
we need to share our food to everyone we know
so that every one will know how good Filipino food is
Let's share it
share
and one last thing before I go
I joined a contest here in the US titled Favorite Chef
thousands signed up for this and quite a few Filipinos joined too
I request for your support 
also, support our fellow Filipinos who joined
The prize is $50,000 and will be featured in a famous magazine Bon Appetit
This is our big chance
to make Filipino food more popular
not only here in the US but all over the world
We have some really tough competitors
I saw one contestant who has 1 million Facebook followers
I am confident because I know you guys are supporting me
I'm asking this huge favor
After watching, please share this to your wall
and share this video with your friends and families
This is our chance
Let's all unite and help each other out 
we all can benefit from this
There are lots of Filipinos here on Facebook, YouTube and Instagram
we have a huge chance of winning if we all unite
thank you in advance
please go to the link below
It's free to vote once a day
They will announce the grand winner on April 8th
Also, if you are not yet subscribed
please don't forget to subscribe to our YouTube channel
Facebook, Instagram and we also have a Tiktok account
Thank you very much again
watch out for new episodes of Cooking with Filipino Dad
and don't forget
Share this video and share your Filipino food
Thank you!
