hello guys good morning hello for everyone who 
is new to this channel my name is Ena Francia  
i am a Filipino but i am currently here in 
vietnam i am working and living here for more than two years now.
and today is officially 
our vaccination day
my hair, my being is not so ready for this.
fortunately while browsing 
facebook yesterday night. 
it's actually late night it's around 8 p.m or 9 p.m yesterday
we saw this facebook post in an facebook group,
it says that there will be a vaccination today in our 
ward and that for 18 years old and above.
we immediately messaged our landlord and told her 
that we need a vaccination registration paper from her.
and i want to thank Linh for replying 
for me yesterday night that it was so urgent.
she helped me understands what's the procedure and 
i'm not sure if the vaccination center
is one to three kilometers away from our apartment,
so we're gonna do some walking today
let's go guys
waiting for my roommates
photo memory, before geeting vaccinated
walking galore
is it this way?
checking cuteness haha
only few people passing by 
british...british international school (doing british accent)
are you okay?
street with covid 19 case
another one
3 consecutive streets with case
here it is (vaccination center)
we are looking for our ward's schedule
vaccination time
getting vaccine?
Yes please
sinopharm vaccine?
Where do you live? Thảo Điền?
Yes here in Thảo Điền.
sorry, i can't vlog inside. we have to respect the vaccination's confidentiality
but let me still give you an idea about the process
they give us this paper, we fill up basic information, 
health declaration & signed waiver
we wait in line for a couple minutes
nurse checks blood pressure & temperature
tells side  effects, like fever, headaches & sorness of arms
do not take any caffeine or alcohol for 3 days
nurse presents the vaccine she'll use
This is it! I am vaccinated.
They give us another paper, our vaccination certificate.
Lastly, they register our information and check if all details are correct.
Yes! I have my own vaccination certificate.
we are done and going home
drink treats cause we deserve it
Vinmart has a phúc long (famous coffe/tea drink brand) kiosk. 
yay (i'm so happy)
egg omelette 
cooking brunch for roommates
happy lunch time!
thoughts?
hey guys we are back in our apartment
and i got vaccinated!
it is a three to four kilometers of walking 
but it is really worth it.
we got sinopharm for our vaccination
and i'm not sure if the efficacy rate of 
this one is from 50 to 70 i'll just put it  here.
i did not really expect this to happen 
anytime now but yeah i am just we are so  
lucky that we got the first twos and um just 
a side note guys i have my first ever drink  
in two months it is a lemonade by the way because 
we cannot take any caffeine or alcohol drinks for  
the next three days so there you go i guess not 
all people are open for vaccination especially  
those vaccines that have lesser efficacy 
rate this was actually a decision that was  
made less than 24 hours and i did not actually 
slept well last night i was thinking about it  
for a couple of times but yep spoiler alert i got 
this vaccine i was ready i think vaccination is  
still controversial especially when the vaccine 
has a lower efficacy than the other ones but um  
i with the pros and cons of getting this one and 
yep i come to this decision that i want to get  
vaccinated as soon as possible the main reason 
why i convince myself to get vaccinated is that  
i take vaccination as a rare opportunity we don't 
know when will it be offered to us again we don't  
have enough vaccines yet around the world so it is 
something that i should grab when it's presented  
to me i know it is still debatable up until now i 
just want to remind you guys that being vaccinated  
you are one step getting added protection with all 
the variants arising the delta some l variant that  
i cannot even say. But of course it is your choice 
get vaccinated when you are ready.
don't be  pressured by the society
research the vaccine's side effects the efficacy 
and it's really up to you guys
sorry i haven't told you how i felt 
after getting vaccinated.
i'm feeling a little numbness, but you know i can still move my arm
to give you an analogy of what i'm feeling now
it felt like i carried 30 to 60 kilos of 
baggage
yeah that's how i'm feeling right now
i don't feel nauseous i'm fine as of now
i'm just hoping i don't get serious side effects
and about the vaccination site, everything 
was clear all the instructions were  well presented.
 and i want to commend the 
frontliners who organized this vaccination  
Lastly, i want to thank the government of Vietnam. 
For everything that you have done for  us and for all the locals.
 and how about you 
if you are given the chance,
will you get this opportunity to get vaccinated?
let me know about your thoughts.
i really want to hear it from you what do you think?
and that is all for today guys!
if you find this video helpful hit that like button
i will greatly appreciate it
if you want to get notified on my next upload please hit that subscribe button!
stay safe!
get vaccinated!
and i will see you on my next video bye
i get vax (vaccinated) hey you're so happy
