Welcome to Ocam ocam beach. To get here you can rent a motorcycle in Coron town proper.
It's 500 pesos per day or you can
write a private van going here so it will take
around one and a half hour to two hours.
Ocam ocam beach is located in
Busuanga also in Palawan. Let’s see the beach.
Ocam ocam beach, surprisingly the main island doesn’t have a lot of beaches
so when you ask for one everybody will
say Ocam ocam beach. Ocam ocam beach is a long
stretch beach with some native little
huts to offer grilled fish and cold drink
and even a cheap overnight stay
when you want to enjoy the beautiful sunset
By scooter it's a small two-hour
drive passing by different small
villages and beautiful high cliff
coastlines. But the far you’ll be when you
take the last dirt road and at your left
and see the sea appear at horizon.
Enjoy the simple beauty with the locals
and take a refreshing dip in the sea
This location is also the cheapest way
to get to black island
when you arrange a private boat
Black island known to locals as Malajon
Island, is a huge mysterious looking
island near Busuanga. From a distance it
has an eerie feeling despite its
beautiful white beaches and coconut
trees. Once you step foot into the shore
there are many hidden caves and secluded
beaches to explore.
Where are we? We are in a cave in Black Island.
The reefs surrounding black island is a phenomenal and awesome for shallow water  snorkelling
or it has a huge drop off for free divers. Essentially no matter what
you are trying to do in the water this
is a perfect spot for you
Kayangan Lake. Kayangan Lake is by far the most popular spot in Coron Island.
After a few short hike up the stairs to the
viewpoint before clambering down the
other side to reach the famous Kayangan Lake. It's a crystal clear freshwater lake
with unbelievable underwater rock
formations which make it one of the most
incredible sites. Kayangan Lake is one of two lakes in Coron Island out of eight
lakes that are open to the public. There
is a steep 10 to 15 minutes uphill climb
of approximately 300 steps toward the
inland Lake. Kayangan Lake is 70%
freshwater and 30% saltwater.
Welcome to Kayangan Lake here in Coron Palawan.
One may choose to swim or snorkel in the lake
or simply float around in a life jacket.
Calauit Safari Park, a little bit of Africa in the Philippines.
Discover reserved and wildlife sanctuary in Calauit Safari Park, at 3,700 hectares
Island at the northwest side of the Busuanga Island. It is home to various species of
exotic African and endemic Palawan flora and fauna where hundreds of
giraffes, elands, waterbucks, calamian deers, monkeys, water crocodiles, zebras,
bear cats, bushbuck and a variety of birds roam freely. This tropical safari
should not be missed on your visit to
Busuanga island.
The twin Lagoon. The twin lagoons are one
of the must-see destinations in the
in the Coron Island Hopping Tour.  The first lagoon is where the boats dock, while the
second lagoon is hidden, the only access of which is a small crevice underneath
the rock, or during high tide. We are now entering the twin lagoon one of the lagoons here in Coron.
A ladder over the rock. One may notice that the waters in the twin lagoons may sometimes be blurry.
This is caused by the meeting  of the salt water and fresh water. The temperature of the waters in the twin
lagoons also alternates between warm and
cold similar to lake barracuda where the
cold freshwater meets the hot saltwater
Barracuda Lake. Barracuda Lake was named such due to the discovery of a large
barracuda fish skeleton in the depths of
its waters. It's one of the famous free
diving sites not only in Coron but also
the entire country. Barracuda lake is
composed of both salt and freshwater but
the most notable feature of this lake
especially for divers is its layers of
cold warm and hot water also known as
Thermocline. The first four meters layer
of water is actually freshwater around
28 celsius when you're going down you
then meet saltwater there's a huge
thermocline and halocline at 14
meters deep and the water temperature is
rising to 38 Celsius, around 35 meters
deep the water is changing from clear to
dark brown with lots of salt
*music plays*
And that’s it guys thank you for watching this short travel and adventure
video of the beauty of Coron and the Philippines. I am highly encouraging you
to visit us here in our tropical country. There are more than thousands of islands here
in the Philippines and Coron is just only one of them. You can really enjoy the
beauty of the falls the beaches the
mountains and free diving skydiving
mountain trekking. If you're an outdoor
person and you really love adventure
you will really love Philippines as much
as I do and I hope to see you here in
the Philippines soon. So I am highly encouraging and
and inviting you to come visit us here in the Philippines. Thank you very much!
