Bicol Express is a spicy Filipino dish that consists of pork pieces stewed in coconut milk, shrimp paste, and chili peppers.
First we're gonna take two pounds of pork belly and cut them into bite-sized pieces.
If there's skin on your pork belly, make sure to cut it off.
You can throw away the skin or you can make chicharon out of them, but we'll save that for a different video.
After you've cut up your pork belly, sear it in a pot with around two to four tablespoons of oil over medium to medium-high heat.
Try to get a light golden sear on most the sides.
When you're done go ahead and remove the pork belly from the pot and set it aside.
You should have a good amount of fat left over from the pork belly still in the pot,
which we'll use to sauté the next couple of ingredients. If not, you can add a little bit more oil.
For this next part, start off by sautéing six cloves of minced garlic over medium heat.
Followed by two tablespoons of minced ginger. And then one small diced onion.
Next add in two tablespoons of bagoong or salted fermented shrimp paste.
Saute it for about a minute or so or until it's cooked.
Be sure to use the pink shrimp paste because the brown alternative has a slightly different sweeter flavor.
Afterwards throw in the pork belly again and fully coat it with all the ingredients you've just sautéed.
And then pour and three cups of coconut milk. And mix well.
At this point simmer the ingredients on low heat for 20 to 25 minutes.
And mix every now and then to prevent it from curdling.
Then go ahead and add in three Thai chili peppers and
four serrano peppers.
With this amount of peppers in the Bicol Express. the dish ends up being at a medium spice level.
Feel free to add more or less to the dish depending on your preference.
Continue to simmer for another 20 to 25 minutes or until the stew is to your desired thickness.
Remove any excess fat from the surface. And you're done!
Now just plate it next to some white rice and garnish it with more peppers if you want more heat. And let's eat!
It's talagang tasty!
Hope you enjoyed our video! If you want to see more, make sure to give us a thumbs up,
leave a comment and subscribe to our channel!
