Good afternoon so I really apologize
with my voice and today John wants to talk about
What is the ups and down in
marrying Filipina foreigner whichever
What do you want to talk to John?
There are no ups and down.
No seriously?? I'm serious. Well in our relationship I don't find as there is ups and down or inconsistencies
No. Apart from she doesn't behave herself, she's very...the only thing the only thing with this girl she's messy. NO
I like kissing he's under arm not kissing but
John: Darling don't
I like his...They think there's something worng with you. NO!!You know my husband smells so
good even though his underarm. So good.  Thats my addiction.
So you know where else I sprayed it.
So anyway will have coffee mga palangga(my love) cuz tomorrow..tomorrow is another day of working
I am early tomorrow for my work. I am in 12
hours..yeah 12 hours this time and
It's really hard when you are  sick and you have to go to work because it's needed
I feel like I don't want to go to work
tomorrow because I'm full of cold
And my throat is still so painful but this is life. You have to work to earn money
If you don't work you have no money. That's reality. I can do this!!!AJA!
I need to take paracetamol tomorrow 
 and tomorrow at least my meal for work tomorrow is ready because
My friend give me a paella. I went to their house she is from....
She's from Ilo-Ilo
So we went to her and give us a paela
and she makes a good paella, very delicious.
Ate Divine thank you so much. I know you don't know that I am vlogging but I am very grateful.
So anyway I just gonna iron my uniform to be ready for tomorrow and I will see you later
I really apologise for my state. I am trying my best
And I hope you appreciate it and I really
appreciate you mga palangga(my love) for being..
For being with me in this time.  Thank you so so much
OMG! I am so hungry! John has a customer
and the time here is 5 minutes to 5 in the afternoon
And so we have customer arrived so until now we have no tea
He is regular customer so they are in the kitchen they're having coffee or whatever
We will sneak up
Can you hear them?
I don't know if you could here them
The customer has left. So now we can have our tea and I'll be having my paella
Im so excited whenever she give me a paella
The paella has a ..I think this is sticky rice, also has peas, red bell pepper, carrot, spring onions just basing what I see..a chicken
I think this is raisins and what more she put in to it? Onion, garlic and mushroom I bet.
and it smells so good
John really really loves so much this. Oh yes! It's the finest of the finest
I will left the half of it for tomorrow and I will just warm this up
Cuz the other container the transparent one. I will take it to work tomorrow
Look at that baby! Sarap. You say sarap.
John: Masrap!!!.(delicious)
The little princess of Mindanao is
sleeping. She's not been very well for the last week.
She's got a terrible cold.Bad throats and losing her vice.
And she has been working as well. She wouldn't take the time out
but she would just keep working. Yesterday she did 14
hours which to me was you know..
She should have stayed home but anyway she's
determined she needs to work and you
know and earn a share you know which I respect dearly
And so you know she's there now resting
and  hopefully within the few days  she be feeling better
And so anyway, will see how long she sleeps for
Catch you up later guys. Okay. Bye for now.
Gosh! I have fallen asleep up cuz I really need some slip(sleep). Slip?
I am barking like a dog
so anyway hmm I think the electricity off
because look! It is restarted
Its four o'clock in the afternoon so time to cook
My chest is very sore
What will gonna have?
Sorry
We will have pizza I guess. My eyebags are massive
Will have four cheese and fries thats it.
Come on!
She is excited
there you are
Did you lock the door? Can I have the key?
I have the key
ahhh..Pippa!Be good to your mama
It's locked? It's locked
Come on!
Freezing today mga palangga. Not freezing just a fresh air.
Can I have the dog? Which dog would you like? The black one. You're favourite. Pippa as always. She is my girl because she is naughty as always
So we are going to have a walk as John suggested that fresh is good for my lungs
(John acting like gasping for air)
It's good for me because I'm not been so well
Oh..we're on this route again are we?
Long arm John. That's it look at her
The princess of Mindanao still still not
well
There you go darling. We need to pick some carrots late.Yeah.
Look we've been flooded because this past few days the
rain is pouring down
See?? That's the pond and the water is overflow and right up to our gate
John: Come on darling.
You always rush us with my girl
John: You walk like a snail.
