Welcome to Philippines
It's more fun in the Philippines!!!
Welcome to my new video, I'm Harees Ameerali currently here in Singapore.
As you may have seen my Singapore series before.
but now I'm here to travel to Manila, Philippines
It's been a while since we were doing episodes on Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore,
Indonesia, Bali, Cambodia etc
My audience (you guys) constantly asked me to change and swap my destinations.
I have seen all of your comments, as most of you asked me to visit Europe
We'll go there soon, but the European & US visa procedures are quite lengthy.
For example these places won't allow you a quick/faster access.
Because their visa procedures are quite strict/complex
So I am trying to introduce you around 15 countries that we all can go with ease.
With their information, food culture and other details.
So based on that, one of the most demanded travel destination is Philippines
I'm on my way to cover Philippines, which is why yesterday I traveled to Singapore from Cochin Airport.
I'll head to Manila, Philippines from Changi Airport, Singapore.
I'm on my way to Changi airport now, as our driver is  speeding through (legally)
There is nothing much to say about the roads in Singapore
As it's really beautiful but you may have seen it in my previous Singapore Series.
And back home, all trees next to our airport is chopped away where as people here are planting trees.
The beauty of Singapore city is among the top beautiful places compared to the rest of the world.
So then again we are not here to see Singapore, but we are on our way to Manila,Philippines.
So I'm on my way to Manila,Philippines from Singapore on Air Asia (Flight)
How can you travel to Philippines?
How to travel with ease to Philippines?
I'll provide you all the detailed explanation!
Don't be worried.
So make sure to subscribe to my channel if you still haven't.
Like my Facebook page and don't forget to share the video with your friends & family.
Friends, why hesitate to like and share?
As each video takes a lot of time and effort.
Regardless on which platform you use to watch these videos.
the likes, support and shares is what drive us to keep doing more.
Majority of our viewers are still not subscribed to our channel.
Make sure to help us out by subscribing.
So we are reaching our Airport, make sure to keep watching.
We are about to reach the airport as you can see the airport compound and the flights within.
Just see how beautiful the Airport compound is, as this is really a beautiful city.
As this is a city that you should visit atleast once in your life-time
Compared to Thailand & Malaysia, Singapore is one of the expensive city.
But even still compared to other countries
Singapore is something that you can reach to within 4 hours
As UK/Europe/US has a complex visa procedure with an expensive flight charges.
But Singapore is better compared to those,
specially to the ones who have the budget to spend.
I'm not pushing the ones who are financially weak to try Singapore
So I have presented few episodes of Singapore, I will do more in future as well.
In Malayalam, as detailed as possible make sure to keep supporting.
So this is how it looks as if we get closer to the airport.
Even though we are here in Singapore, we are going to explore Manila, Philippines
So finally got off our taxi, as we are here infront of Terminal 4, Changi Airport, Singapore.
As we will board our Air Asia flight,
This is one of the beautiful airport, as the airport is decorated with flowers and plants.
It's really beautiful inside out, even the area outside the airport.
I have done this before, on my previous episode and I do apologize for the repetition.
As it's difficult not to praise about this place.
On our previous video, people wanted me to show the Changi Airport abit more detailed.
As I couldn't do it before so on this journey I will show you more about this
While talking about Singapore Airport, I am here at the checking country for Air Asia.
As I am about to travel to Manila, Philippines
As you reach the Air Asia counter, you will see tons of machines like these instead of people.
As instead of having to weight you luggage infront of the staff, you can do it
Yourself without any staff on scene to serve you as you can do it yourself
As you can make use of those machine counters to claim your boarding pass.
As it will be issued upon scanning your ticket bar-code/PNR NO:
As it will issue your boarding pass, and with that you can access this machine
And place your luggage to check the wight and if there is an excess you can
Make the payment at the payment counter and once you scan your passport.
Then you will get the print out and your luggage will be taken automatically.
SO this is the automatic machine here, as you can see the same on Kuala Lumpur and other airports
Even our Cochin Airport will end up using such system.
So what you think of Singapore Airport?
So I'm using my weapon, the Camera to share you the visuals.
As enjoy the visuals and if you are capable of spending the money
Feel free to visit Singapore, and if you want my travels to help you with it
Feel free to contact my company, Royal Sky Holidays we will give you all the support.
To Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, etc.
We are ready for anything.
One of the main important thing while traveling is food.
As time is here 3:00 PM
As I haven't had my lunch yet, only taken my breakfast so this is the airport food court.
Lets go in and see what they have.
Just as that, you can return your try based on halal/non-halal
As they will collect the tray and plates based on what you ate
So if you consumed something non-halal such as pig/such you can return it to the non-halal counter.
And just like that they have a separate counter for halal counter.
While being here in Singapore airport it makes me happy to see our Jet Airwarys
It's like when we go to Delhi, Bangalore(Bengaluru)
or Hyderabad and that happiness that we get while we see our Kerala registration vehicles.
It similar to that when we see our flights on other countries.
As it's our own Indian Jet Airways
While talking about Singapore Airport,  they created it based on what a traveler need.
As they have tried to provide as much as possible with a large spacious airport.
As they have given importance for each people as they have provided charging stations on each seats.
As gadgets such as mobiles and laptops is something popular among everyone
as they know what we need to charge it on the go.
But back gone, we have only small and limited charging point where you end up waiting in ques
As well as they have provided us a well maintained seats
And the next is about the trees within the Airport as well as the street.
As back home people are chopping away trees
But here they are planting trees and maintain those tress.
All of the plants are tress, as they planted it without hurting the plant
While giving the tree a firm ground to spread it's root to, with automatic watering system
As no one needs to keep focus onto the tree.
Everything is made in metal as well, as this could be safe for any sort of earth quake.
But the trees within really surprised me.
And now we are going to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
And from Malaysia we'l head to Manila, Philippines
Actually this is a risky journey as we don't have any Philippines visa on hand
So we should consider the mentality of the officer at  Philippine, specially for us.
It's possible to get on arrival visa, if you have Singapore multiple re-entry visa.
We are travelling based on that rule.
But if the officer is waiting for us after fighting with her wife (Indicating if the officer has a bad mood)
He will definitely send us back. Either-way we will give it a shot.
Make sure to keep watching, and don't forget to subscribe to my channel.
As I have spend alot of money for camera and accessories
With almost non-stop travel, As I am providing you all the information and visuals
Make sure to drop at-least a like and share my videos to help me create more.
Honestly, I'm having fever as my lips are dry and my sound may sound different.
Please do apologize if you find any difference with my current presentation due to the travel sickness.
So continue watching!
-Announcement-
So this is what we see within the flight, we will reach our destination within 3 hours
We are now landing at Manila Airport, Philippines
So after a 3 hours flight journey from Kuala Lampur we finally reached Manila, Philippines
So now I am heading towards the immigration procedures
As it's a decently busy airport as it's time 12:40 PM
I did sleep within the flight as I felt abit feverish so I'm not feeling that healthy as I am
I will try to share as much as content as possible so stay tuned.
So we finished our immigration procedures, as the visa is totally free
For the people who have Singapore Multiple Re-Entry visa.
But you will have to provide correct answer to their question without
Any issues, as if they find you suspicious they will deport you
Once deported you will have trouble getting back to Philippines, as you will need ot pay a large amount
So make sure to keep in mind and our procedures is done within 10 minutes.
We got our visa issued for 14 days tourist visa.
As we are heading out to the exit we came across the stall that sells sim cards
Just like any travel destination as they will provide you free sim with different plan.
So we will make a detailed video about this soon, and just like back home they have
Tons of adverts of Oppo and Vivo
And this is their stall that sells sim card, and it's free if you are opting for the company "Smart"
I will do a detailed video and she is the one who sold us the sim
So we got our sim card with data and call, as I usually opt for roaming.
And we usually have friends on every country and here we have Bobby.
This is my friend Bobby
Harees: What's up? How's things?
Bobby: Everythings good, well about Philippines it's a best place to rock on
Harees: He is actually from Thrissur and he have been inviting me to Philippines for a while.
And just like we have Aravind for Cambodia, Tejus for Indonesia we have Bobby here in Philippines
As he will give you all the support if you are coming here to Philippines
So we will get used to Philippines soon, so lets head to the hotel? which is 1-1 and half hr travel
So we are outside the airport
It's similar to our hometown
And these are the taxi's her ein Philippines
Bobby: I'll go take my car
Harees: I'll wait here? Bobby: Yea
Bobby lives here with his family, as his wife is a native here
So he went to get his car from parking so we are seeing the taxies here
As each taxis and their services are different from one another.
I have been getting tons of request from people for a long time to see a detailed episode for Philippines
As we will see more throughout our coming episode
So we got out of the Airport form gate no: 5 and back in Thailand we usually get out via gate no:3
Philippines is actually an Island, so before watching the episodes make sure ot
Check out the world map for Philippines to get an idea about the sights here
As Singapore is first class fancy but here it's different.
So it's not easily accessible by road just like Thailand but it's quite different yet similar to our home towen
As this doesn't look as fancy as this seems to be somewhat normal.
As it looks more like standing under our Kochi metro. So this is more like visual explanation.
As I am explanation what I'm seeing to give you the exact feel and picture
Which is why I am comparing it to our home(Kerala/India)
As our vehicle has finally arrived.
Harees: It's an awesome car
So we finally reached out hotel within Angeles City
As time is now 4:00 Am after talking to my friend Bobby.
As we were planing for our trips and many more so I will leave the hotel tomorrow at 7
So we will explore Philippines  even more and I am stopping my video here as you
Have seen my journey here, and most importantly we had no issues with immigration
As if you have Singapore Multiple re-entry visa you will get free visa on arrival
But you will need to present the exact documents including you tickets and booking info
It's important to provide correct and flawless answers to their questions else they may deport you
And I have seen people they kept aside to deport and such
We will make a detailed explanation about the info soon make sure to keep supporting
Make sure ot like, share and subscribe as I am trying my best
To present a new country for you before you arrive here
I hope my effort will be worth  it to help you more
So We will see again soon, so I will end this video here and get rest
