Hey guys, it’s Frank here!
How many of you guys grew up at the height
of Cartoon Network in the 90s where the cartoons
were at the top of their game?
So many great shows during this time, including
a popular cartoon known as “Johnny Bravo.”
And random fact, but anyone notice Tagalog
being spoken on the show?
Take a quick listen and bonus points for anyone
who can translate it!
*Nakilala nakita diba?*
For those of you guys who don’t know or
for those who need a quick refresher -
Johnny Bravo, is the title character who is
a muscular and boorish young man who tries
to get women to date him, though he is usually
unsuccessful.
Episodes typically revolve around him trying
to get a woman to go on a date with him, though
his advances are usually rejected and result
in the woman in question causing him harm
in a comedic way.
He ends up in bizarre situations and predicaments,
and throughout its run, the show was known
for its adult humor and pop culture references.
Oh, and did I mention that Van Partible, the
creator of Johnny Bravo, is a Filipino himself?
Despite the fact that Johnny Bravo has blonde
hair, Mr. Partible stated on his website that
Johnny is “sorta” Filipino.
Now what exactly does that mean?
He says, “Since I was born in the Philippines,
have Filipino parents, and know a few Tagalog
words , that would classify me as "totally
" Filipino.
“And since I created Johnny Bravo, and I
can't help but be influenced by my ethnicity
and culture, that would make Johnny "sort
of" Filipino.”
Johnny Bravo’s name was derived and inspired
from Van’s own Filipino name:
Efram Giovanni Bravo Partible.
Additionally, Van also says that Johnny Bravo’s
characteristics and behaviors were inspired
by “chick boys” who, in Pinoy pop culture,
are guys who always chase after girls.
Additionally, Johnny, who’s got to be in
his 20s, still lives with his mom and is a
proud momma’s boy.
For anyone who’s familiar with Filipino
culture, it is pretty normal for young Filipinos
and Filipinas to still be living at home.
In fact, the notion of family is also emphasized,
so it’s no wonder that he’s so close with
his mom.
It wasn’t necessarily Van Partible’s intention
to make Johnny more Filipino but the effect
of Van's surroundings while growing up left
a big impact.
Johnny Bravo symbolizes the men who never
grow up and believe that life revolves around
them.
With that said, it’s interesting to see
how much of Johnny Bravo’s character was
inspired by Filipino traits even if he is
not portrayed as an actual Filipino on the
show.
Although you never know, I’ve actually seen
some Filipinos with the last name “Bravo.”
Hmm… you know, on the show, they never reveal
Johnny’s dad.
What if Johnny is half Filipino from his dad’s
side and that’s what Van Partible meant
by saying that Johnny’s “sort of” Filipino?
But that’s for a different video.
Anyways, what other evidence is there to support
that Johnny Bravo is Filipino that might have
been left out?
Let me know below!
Also, if you have ideas for videos related
to Filipinos in the media and pop culture
that you want me to feature, please leave
them down in the comments!
I read every comment from you guys even though
I may not have a chance to reply to every
single one.
If you enjoyed this video, make sure to subscribe
for more awesome videos and check out my channel
at YouTube.com/FrankBernard for similar videos.
Also, follow me on my social media accounts
like my Instagram, Twitter, and Patreon down
below!
Thanks for watching and I’ll see you guys
in the next video!
