A multi-millionaire businessman is
currently in the Philippines to offer a
series of trade seminars for Filipinos
free of charge.
Michael Miguel will tell us why.
Greg Secker a multi-millionaire from the
United Kingdom has founded the Learn to
Trade Company, which aims to educate
individuals who wants to excel and trade
and currency markets and eventually help
others to improve their lives as well.
I'm trying to make it an example to the
charity sector. We teach people to trade
through our Learn to Trade Programs.  We make a
commitment to them which when we asked
them to commit to us to do one day of
philanthropy a month. It is now the world's
number 1 company in Trading Education
The company plans on visiting various
places in the Philippines even far-flung
areas to encourage Filipinos put an
interest in learning trading strategies.
The company is willing to train even
those with no business background.
To date there are Filipinos undergoing the
company's seminar.  I teach private
self-directed individuals .. normal people
in the street, how to trade a currency account
so this is buying and selling foreign currencies and make a sustainable income.
After Manila Learn to Trade Seminars will be conducted next in Quezon City, Subic, Bacolod, Davao City and Pasig City.
Those interested may visit the Company's website
www.learntotrade.com.ph
Meanwhile the Foundation was created to help those
in need. Known as the Greg Secker Foundation which
visited Iloilo, last year the Foundation
constructed housing units for those in need.
Secker's primary goal is to share with his fellow man,
the blessings he received
I'll have a hundred completed in July but we're not
stopping there we're building a school
building a farm, we're building a Training
Centre, because we don't just want to hand
over keys, we trying to create a model of
reciprocation... these folks will look
after the village, they'll pay it forward
Their families will inherit the Home.
Aiko Miguel, UNTV News and Rescue, Quezon City
