You're so cute!
How adorable!
Have fun.
(Where's his family?)
He's about to introduce his entire family to us.
This is Jieun Lee, my second little sister.
This is Namgi Lee, my eldest little sister.
Okay, now onto the third one.
My third little brother is Sunpil Lee, who loves to play computer games.
This Sungu Lee, the youngest brother.
He's very handsome!
So you've got 4 siblings?
Yes, four.
Our loving mother, Seoyeon Park. (Filipino name: Alin)
That's you!
That's my uncle, Arnold, from Philippines.
And that's Elinda, my grandmother who's like my mother.
They're living with us.
This is my Korean father.
That's my husband.
Wait, how many family members have you got?
Eight family members.
That's a lot of family members.
It must be chaotic preparing for meals every day.
Those eggs would all be gone in a day.
Oh my goodness.
I've cooked my husband's favorite dish, fermented bean stew!
You kids should get up early in the morning and clean up all the blankets.
You have to help your mother with the dishes as well.
Yes... you kids should listen to your grandmother!
(Do you know what she's saying?)
(No, not a clue.)
Do your kids understand Filipino?
They don't.
That's why their facial expressions are like that.
Yeah, that's why they look like that.
Everything was strange when I first arrived in Korea.
Because I had lived apart from my mother for 17 years.
I didn't know how to be around her, I didn't know anything about her personality.
I never really got to meet my mother in person when I was little. We only talked on the phone back then.
I had to raise you and be your mother from when you were 4 months old.
I was out here working hard to pay for your food.
I was young back then, so I didn't know that.
Before I came to Korea too, I was sure that your mother was living well with no troubles here.
And that she was better off here, not having to care about us in Philippines.
But when I came, I saw that her life wasn't half as good as I thought it would be.
I never imagined I would be away from my son that long.
My mother worried a lot and she didn't want to send El John (son) to Korea.
She worried my Korean husband might treat him differently or even hit him, because El John has a different father.
That's why she sent El John after he became older.
I thought a lot to myself, 'why don't I have any parents?'.
There are a lot of times when I felt that I didn't have a whole and complete family.
That's why I was really happy when I came to Korea.
I was excited that I could see my mother.
And excited that I'd be meeting my siblings and living with them.
He was a little baby when I first met him.
I went abroad to Philippines to meet him.
There was a time I bought him a bike when he was little.
He fell over and got hurt so he had to get stitches.
But even right after that, he still went out to ride the bike, even when it was raining.
He's a sincere kid. He's assiduous, he's very kind to others. He's a good kid.
That's sweet.
There are some kids that head to the wrong path in life when they grow up with no parents.
But he's a good one.
He must be a very trustworthy son.
I can tell he trusts him.
Hey Jihyun. Do you have a lot of homework?
Is he going to help with her homework?
No?
If there's anything I can help with, tell me.
Are you guys not close with each other?
We're still a bit... shy.
You're shy? Why are you shy when she's your sister?
We haven't lived together for a long time...
Are things a bit awkward with him?
Yeah.
(He lives in the school dorms)
Oh, he lives at school most of the time.
So you must be like a strange guest at home during the holidays.
You're right.
So my homework is to make a list of historical events...
that everyone knows about, that occurred from the years 2004 to 2018.
Let's see... What happened in 2018...
What is there?
Korea...
Republic of Korea...
Republic of Korea and Korea North...
North Korea.
The summit.
Yeah, the sum...
The summit.
Your little sister knows more than you.
You're saying stuff she already knows.
South Korea... and North Korea?
And...
(inaudible)
She seems worried about if she'd be able to get this done.
The title should be
"The story of our history"
"The story of you and I"? (sounds similar)
The pronunciation is similar.
El John, you're there to help, right?
She was helping me.
That's actually good handwriting.
That's pretty good work.
Is this okay?
Yeah.
Did I do a good job? Your brother?
Yeah.
For real?
Yeah, it's good.
It's good? You sure?
Hang on, it's been 3 years since you've lived in Korea, El John.
But it seems like your relationship with your siblings isn't that close, it's rather awkward with communication problems.
It is awkward, to be honest.
I can't speak Korean that well yet.
Right now, dormitory...
I'm living in a... dormitory.
If I had more time...
I would spend it with my brothers and sisters.
Yes, I can tell you're putting in a lot of effort.
Let's meet someone who's famous for having a lot of siblings, Hyunmin.
How old are they each?
10, 8, 6, 5, 1 year old.
Even a one year old?!
How is your relationship with them?
Well, my relationship with the 10 year old...
She already hit puberty.
So it's a bit you know...
She cries a lot and whines a lot.
I don't really know what to do when she acts like that.
I think it's important to spend a lot of time with your siblings and try to get along with them.
You have to hang around your friends who can speak proper Korean, and speak in only Korean with your siblings.
You'll be okay once you get adjusted.
You'll learn quickly.
Once you get over the language barrier, it's only a matter of time.
Of course.
John!
Get up, get up!
What is up with this mess?
Getting all shined up to go to school.
He's getting his ears cleaned as well.
Hey Jihyun.
Are you going somewhere?
Well you're leaving for school today... So I'm going with mom to drop you off at the bus terminal.
Why do you look so pretty?
My little sister is so...
beautiful!
Kids these days all wear makeup, right?
Almost every kid does nowadays. She's at the age where looks are the most important thing.
I'll be back soon.
Okay. Do well.
Go safely, stay safe...
Do well... and come back safely.
I will.
Seniors from that Province always talk like that.
"Go safely, be safe there, do well there, eat well there, and come back safely."
They're sweet people.
Where does it say the time?
It doesn't.
If... if there's any.. any food... food that you want to have... tell me...
and I will buy it for you.
Stay safe and study hard.
Okay bye.
How awkward.
But still, having a big brother is good.
Someone to lean on.
(3 hour ride from home to school)
It takes 3 hours to get there?
That's a very long ride.
Korea Polytechnics Dasom High School
Oh, Dasom High School.
Wow, it looks like a pretty great school.
Are they your friends?
Yeah, my school friends.
You have a lot of friends!
I missed you, El John.
Here's my room. Room 302. Third floor.
Oh, so new semester, new room.
Oh your rooms change?
That must be so fun.
This is tiring.
I wish I could find... a, a cart, a cart too... to carry my, my stuff in.
He wishes he had a cart.
You should've looked for it!
Where do I find that cart?
It's over there.
There's carts over there.
Why didn't he use it in the first place?
He has a lot of luggage.
Something about El John is a little bit off.
But he's a very hard worker.
I want to go over there and help him.
I'm getting tired just by watching him.
Okay, this is the last luggage.
You carried these all yourself?
Yeah.
I found the cart so I did it myself.
This is all my stuff.
Everyone's helping.
Do you want some help?
No, it's okay it's okay it's okay.
Thank you.
Where's your room?
Are you my roommate?
Hello.
Hi.
Oh, he's a new roommate?
Nice to meet you. What's your name?
Pinyo.
Oh wait, is everyone from overseas?
From multicultural families.
It would be so fun living with friends like that.
I know, it seems exciting.
I'm exhausted.
The facilities are nice.
The school is nicer than your house.
Do you like dorms better or your house better?
The dorms.
I'm too tired.
I'm gonna go to sleep early.
Part 2 coming soon!
