Ahhhhh! ~ What?
What? ~ Why are you looking me like that?
It's a flashback that's all.
Hello what's up guys welcome back and welcome 
back to another vlog! ~Yeah, I'm Dominick.
I'm Herejean, if you're just new here so for today's video we are going to?
We are going to be reacting to Jollibee commercials.
So I'm gonna so we haven't 
really discussed this yet and we haven't really,
Even talked about what we'll be watching.
It's a surprise yes but, for me I've never been to a
Jollibee. ~ Yeah, I know that it's a fast food 
place right? Um I've never seen a Jollibee
commercial the only thing I know about Jollibee commercials is that, people watch Jollibee
commercials and react to them so I honestly 
have no I don't know what to expect I don't know,
you mentioned something about uh she brought a 
napkin yeah she said in case Dominick will cry.
And so I'm like okay so maybe these are 
sad commercials I don't even know!
I thought they were just gonna be like regular 
McDonald's commercials or something like that.
But there is this I don't know I don't know!
I mean like, this Jollibee is gonna be like you know?
Uh they make this in every special occasions like 
for example valentine's you know graduation day,
something like that so it's not just normal.
So, Jollibee specific commercials about,
certain life events? ~ Yeah, like it's seasonal.
Interesting. And every year they do that.
So we're going to be reacting to Jollibee commercials so~
Hope you're gonna enjoy this video by the way.
And um please comment down below also what kind 
of Jollibee commercials that you want us to do for
our next vlog because if we do a part two for 
Jollibee so please comment down below. Okay! so~
Let's dive in I guess and see how I react. 
I would have Herejean type but, she's slow!
I use like this one finger. { Oh come on! }
She's getting a lot better. Okay, all right so the first
commercial guys that we're gonna watch it's 
a " Kwentong Jollibee " I want Dominick to read it.
Okay! This is the title um " Kwentong 
uh Jollibee Valentine's Series 2017 ".  
Tune in! And enjoy the reaction.
So this is the first um video that we're gonna play guys. ~ Okay.
It's inspired by a true story.
No subtitles on it? ~ Yeah, there is!
And this is a commercial? ~ Yeah!
I am allowed to talk? Yeah! ~ Okay.
Jollibee bringing people together.
She's beautiful right? ~ Yeah!
I'll have whatever she's having.
Corny~
Match making.
Oh, can't wait for this time. ~ That's  right?
With Jollibee that's what you mean ? ~ Yeah! No! Wedding.
Oh God!
If I did that on the first date?
She's like, I'm out of courage. ~ Right?
What a loser.
He looks pretty fit by the way, 
and if he's that fit I doubt he's eating that
Jollibee all the time.
I'm just saying, 
I doubt that's his stable part of his diet. 
You can cheat sometimes. They were both 
there on a cheat day and that's what it was.
" Mahal kita " I knew that word.
She makes me say it.
Ahhhhh ~ What???
What? Hold up!
No way! She looked back at the other guy at too?
So wait, she's with the other guy? Yeah. Yeah ~
So they're not together by Jollibee's competitor.
Yeah, so now don't eat Jollibee because they are not meant to be.
What? Poor guy here he is... He wants her to 
be the happiest girl in the world even though it's  
just with this other random dude. She's looking at 
him. Yeah, you know he's like this is a divorce in  
the making, is all I'm saying right? So they'll 
end in divorce and then they're going to get married.
Call it!
That's the plan? Look at her she's looking at him.
What if you're in this um if you're in the 
shoes of this guy the one that she married but she's looking for looking at someone else at the back?
Well, I couldn't be upset with you if you're 
looking at somebody at a wedding. So obviously like,
If you're looking at people it could be 
because you're that's a relative or but you
know that I have relationship? But if I knew you were 
into that guy,
Then he wouldn't have been invited. { Duh! }.
Let's just say that, You will not invite?
What if I secretly gave the invitation?
Um~
Then I'll probably bring 
it up during the vow session. Be like,
All right, I want to make I want to clear my you 
know clear the room here. I know you're here!
That's so mean. Yeah, so just saying let's see. 
Poor guy his heart broken.
He's going to kill him? In the end of this? It's just 
going to end with like a murderer?
Let see, let see.
Oh cheesy smile dude. { Always be your best friend } ~ Friend zone...
Should have gone with the waffle fries.
What are they saying? For those who~
Jollibee you didn't bring them together!
What are you celebrating for?
So, so this is the first video. Disappointed!
Poor guy. Let's go to the next one? Okay! { Okay }.
Felt so bad for that guy.
" Kwentong Jollibee 
Valentine's Series 2019 " Yeah, title is CHOICE.
Okay! All right let's go.
He needs to lose some weight.
They're all inspired by true stories by way. ~ Yeah.
Uhhhh! Oh God!
How to choose between two guys?
Shhhhh~
English!
I got Jollibee!
Did you get the rice?
That's sucks. I've been there.
It's a new guy. Ohhhh ~ The first one, I see his looking at the window like a creepy right now? ~ Yeah!
She's playing hard to get. 
She's keeping her options open right? Yeah.
Oh, he has no idea.
So this is Paul babe.
Paul? How do you know his name?
Because of their face! { Duh! }.
Oh, she says his name okay.
This is Paul.
They eat a lot of Jollibee.
She's got a work boyfriend what this guy is.
What what what?
He's got a work boyfriend. Yeah, so it's like, 
I feel like she had somebody with with her like  
in her normal days, but in the workplace~
Like there is someone who is also something special.
Um~ Yeah? Why you looking at me like that?
It's a flashback that's all.
Okay so she's got like a guy she sees all the time and understands 
the work that she's going through but then there's 
another guy who's doesn't work with her. Yeah!
Yeah, and brings her Jollibee all the time. The other 
one brings her Jollibee the other one. Okay.
We all know she can't sing so that's 
not what wants the guys over her.
He's helping her out that's nice. 
I'd have been like get off the stage.
I like that song. Do you?
It is Jollibee is like song?
I don't know but these is a
famous song in the Philippines.
This girl's are player!
Ohhh, nailed it! Got you girlfriend...
Ohhh, no she doesn't know what she wants yet.
Same question? He has to be spying 
on her. I don't know why he knew that.
Maybe he's friends the other guy and the 
other guy told him about their conversation.
And saying I'll stealing her.
She confused now.
Flip a coin!  
That's the best way to do it right? Leave it to luck.
Poor guy.
Give me a sandwich!
First of all buy me a sandwich.
Where is my spaghetti?
Oh no...
I have more money!
Oh oh!
So it means their original one?  
Babe? Her and that dude? Yeah? so it means not the worker yeah Paul and her is the original lovers?
And then suddenly she developed the feelings 
with the work guy? Right.
With what's the name? Jay? ~ Jay I think.
He should took the Jollibee and walked away.
You don't even deserve these sandwiches.
He got her a flowers? ~ Oh?
What?
What? I'm lost. ~ Wait wait wait.
I'm confused. I don't know too. Her son died?
Who's she named after that guy?
Maybe Paul died? But why should she say my son?
No, that's the mom. That's the mom of the guy.
The one who died.
Let's backward first 
I can't kiss him because they just 
talked right? Not sure what's happening.
And that's Paul?  
She didn't take the Jollibee poor guy. 
I think she just remembering Paul. She starts crying.
Takes the flowers, leaves the Jollibee all right?
Ahhhh~ See that's Paul.
I'm still confused.
He just need to stop eating so much Jollibee.
Ohhh, see?
She's after Jay? Yeah, so it means Paul died.
No I'm still trying to figure 
out what the heck's happening.
No I think babe, she was on the bench with 
somebody I think that she's just remembering him.
She was on the bench and then he walked 
away and they were on the same bench with the
same flowers right? And she put the thing I think 
she's just imagining him there that he was there?
But suddenly she was there bringing Jollibee 
flower for him.
Or maybe his spirit. I don't know! 
Yeah? Yeah, because we know that he died. { Duh! }.
That's girl who look like his 
mom because she looks very similar.
Oh ~ So she's read it you're right 
you're right! Read it the Tagalog.
Tagalog!
" Mawawalan kaman ng minamahal hindi mawawala ang pag asang magmahal muli. "
That was rough. " Even if you lose 
the one you love never lose hope to love again."
Yeah! Okay so you must 
be right then. That, yeah that was,
Those were two different time periods that 
were happening so there must have been the past,
he died, better okay then the mom randomly comes 
in and says my son died that part confused me.
Ah, I think just throwback. Okay, and then she needed some time and fell in love with some other guy. Yeah!
'cuz if I die will you go after 
somebody else? I want to haunt you.
I need to ask permission first. I'm just kidding.
I need to ask permission. I'll gonna do sacrifices.
Maybe I'll come by.
So the moral of the story really 
is that I need to try Jollibee.
Yeah! I need to we need to do the "Jollibee Mukbang"
I'll be cool with that. That will be nice.
I miss Jollibee so much.
Really? Especially the spaghetti. { Yeah! }.
So we just want to do a couple of shout outs 
to people who have been really awesome uh very
supportive to our channel and we just really 
appreciate you guys so much for what you guys
do for us. So shout out to Raiza ann Aquino, she's from Magalang Pampanga.
Our friend Winnie Francisco,
from Bacolod hello Winnie, we missed you.
Um, Miss Elsa Novales from Dacao City.
Um ~ Miraflor Lauza, she's my ilongga friend.
Okay, and we have Pinky Mateo from Bulacan 
Philippines. We have Justin Baquillos from,
South Cotabato by the way he's my um college classmates. No kidding?
Thank you for that Justine and for my elementary classmate,
I have um Kenneth Brian Amar Asong,
 from my municipality of Sto. Niño! { Oh Yeah! }.
So, thank you so much guys for all your 
very warm support and for those people
who we didn't mention for shout out for this 
video we're gonna do that for the next vlog.
Definitely! thank you guys. Yes so 
hope you enjoy it guys thank you  
so much for watching and we're gonna 
see you again next time! See you later..
