Welcome to my new video I am Harees Ameerali
Within the past few days we did publish 2 episodes of Philippines
Thank you for all the support that you gave for both videos.
You all gave me tons of support for each episode followed by tons of questions.
As most of you have asked me tons of question by comments and by phone call.
Regarding the questions related to Singapore & Philippines  immigration.
This video is created in response to all the questions you guys dropped.
So first of regardless of where you go, you should always maintain your body-language
as that's one of the most important thing that they check.
Even how you respond to them
They decide if they should grant you visa based on how you respond and react.
I'll give you my experience when I traveled
Before that, I'll give you the procedure
All Indians are eligible to travel to Philippines.
To get a direct visa to Philippines there is a particular visa procedure.
Such as you'll need a bank statement etc,
but I am trying to provide you the information about the easiest on arrival visa.
To travel to Philippines  you'll need Singapore multiple re-Entry Visa
So initially go to Singapore and then make sure you are -in- Singapore
If you just touch and go to Philippines  without being in Singapore and if you get noticed you may get deported.
So due to that make sure you stay in Singapore for a day before travelling to Philippines.
And on the next day if you travel to Philippines you can show the document and details
So this is the basic process and How I traveled was
I took Singapore Multiple Re-Entry from Kochi to Singapore
As You may have seen that video and I stayed for a day and then from there I took my Air-Asia ticket to Manila.
The reason for opting for Air Asia is that all Air Asian flight land within Terminal 3
Which provides the best and easy service
As I landed on Terminal 3, the first question they asked me to show my Philippines visa
To that I answered that I don't have a Philippines visa, I came to Singapore to visit Singapore
And based on that I wanted to travel to Philippines as well.
Then they asked, on what basis I came to Philippines?
Answer: I came here to visit Manila, Philippines city, Angeles city etc.
As I mentioned that I came to visit such places.
So they asked me who is my sponsor here?
Answer: I said that I travel on a regular basis and I do have friends here.
Question: Where do I plan to stay?
Answer: I provided them my hotel booking documents for both cities
As I responded that I already made my booking.
Question: They asked for my return ticket and purpose of travel.
Along with serious questions such as how many days I plan to stay. etc
They will ask you tons of questions but it wont be the same for everyone.
They just want to make sure that we give them genuine answers
They are making sure that you are not suspicous
They asked me if I came to Philippines for a job, and to that I said that I already have a company.
I gave them my business card.
As you may be traveling from U.A.E as you may have friends or even girl friends
As you may have spouses or such as I am familiar with the types of calls I get
As they will ask if you are here for a job,
if they ask you that make sure to provide your bank statement or work related proof/id.
As if you show that you have a regular income then they won't suspect you
As you will have an upper hand if you have more than required document with you
As I always carry as much as I can so that we can bypass their suspicious questions.
What if the officer at the counter finds you suspicious he may transfer you to an enclosed room with 2-4 officers.
As you will find it troublesome to answer to them, for that you have to be prepared
As if you have all the documents you will be able to handle things as calm and perfectly
Even if they try to push you to the corner you can outsmart their methods
Another thing to note is that you need a valid accommodation proof,
Even if it's your friend, girl friend, spouse. What ever it may be make sure you have the documents.
Make sure to keep your bank statement only if asked
And always have their currency with you, for your time on that country
As in Thailand you need 10,000 Thai Baht
So where ever you go, make sure you have the money for your expenses
So if your side is perfect you will be able to handle things with a wide smile across your face.
Most important factor is the mood of each officer.
As I was travelling to Indonesia, there were 7 Sri Lankan people infront of me
who got rejected due to fake visa.
As they kept rejecting those 7 people and then I was the 8th person as he treated me with the same anger
As he asked me if I were travelling alone or as a group
As I responded that I am a solo traveler he shouted at me saying that I came here for a job.
And I responded that I came here for holidays fro a week and he kept arguing
based on the fact that the 7 people who were infront of me was there for work.
So I responded with my documents and I provided all the necessary details without any flawless reaction
I gave out my business cards and other details, even if the offer gets confused or suspicious of you.
Even if they transfer you to a room, always keep your cool.
Even if there are bad and good people around the office, you can be calm and cool.
Try to respond in a friendly manner, try to say good about their country and praise their country
Make sure you know the names of places and details of your own journey
Make sure you know basics of the country and the location that you want to travel
As they will let you through, and almost everyone appreciates tourists
Make sure you are presentable, such as you going for an interview or a meeting or even a wedding.
As per some tips that I do, apologizes to the ones that are getting bored.
Feel free to rest throughout your flight,
always try to make use of the toilet facilities to fresh up and comb your hair and adjust your shirt neatly.
Make sure you don't stand behind the possible trouble makers,
even if you que length increases try to stand behind some gentlemen.
If you stand behind trouble people you will definitely get some suspicion based on that.
This is something that I do and I can't promise that it will work always.
Always be calm and happy and make sure you know your own details
As when you are going to leave, when and where will you stay and go to
As if they ask you a question make sure to respond with the date and name of your hotel etc.
Try to be as clear as possible to avoid issues as they have the authority to ask you questions
Always provide the answers and make sure to provide the visa rules.
I did hear that Tiger Airways  also have Terminal  3 access
Make sure to contact my company Royalsky Holidays for any travel service
Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Philippines, Cambodia etc.
 
If you want to know more details leave your questions down below
Sorry if you got bored as I wanted to share and answer your most commonly asked questions.
I always get detailed searches everywhere probably because of my size and they may think I'm dangerous heh
Always try to give them genuine and clear-cut answer
And try not to insult each country and it's people as each country as it's own culture
I took such effort for this trip to Philippines, even worlds 2nd largest volcano and other places.
As you are yet to see the amazing places in this country make sure to support me and stay tuned and feel
Free to drop in your comments and questions
I am sure that each of you will get a detailed info about this country as I am done with my Philippines series.
Thank you for your support, we will see you again in next video!
