Hello Boss babes and Bosses out there!
In this video, I interviewed Abie Florendo.
She is a bookkeeper.
And just a quick background,
she is part of my team.
She is handling clients under BossedUp PH.
And her main work is as a bookkeeper.
So, in this video,
we have two parts.
First is our interview together.
I asked her journey on how
she started as a freelancer,
where she gets her bookkeeping clients,
how much is her rate,
what are her tasks for her clients,
and she also gave some tips and pieces of advice
to those who want to become a bookkeeper.
To aspiring and newbie bookkeepers out there,
this video would be really, really helpful to you
because she gave tips and
ideas on what software you can use.
And the second part is a
quick tutorial that she made
for you to see what are the things
she basically does for her clients.
If you want to learn what bookkeepers do,
keep on watching.
"Hi, good morning! How are you?
I'm so happy to see you now. I'm excited to interview you."
 
"I'm nervous."
"We will just have chitchat here.
First, I really want to know a little bit of background
about your work before you go online."
"Before becoming a bookkeeper,
I was an Accounting Supervisor in an amusement company.
But since the pandemic, the amusement
industry has been affected. That's why we lost our jobs."
"That was the reason you transferred
to the online industry?"
"Yes. When we were asked to go back to work,
I decided not to
because the Co-Vid restriction was the same
and I do not have a car.
So, I just resigned from that job."
"May I know what was your first online work?"
"My first work online was being an
online chat support in dating apps, Boss.
I tried that job because
I was so desperate before.
But it did not last long because I don't
feel comfortable chatting with their clients.
I don't feel aligned with the job
so I decided to create an account in OnlineJobs.PH.
I don't know about it back then.
I just researched on YouTube about online jobs.
So, after 12 days, I landed
a job inside OnlineJobs.PH.
So, I left my previous online work."
"What job did you get inside OnlineJobs.PH?"
"Product researcher in an e-bay store."
"Okay, so, I wanted to ask about
your first work in bookkeeping.
Where did you get it and
what are your responsibilities?"
"My first bookkeeping client was
through your agency, BossedUp PH."
"Oh, yeah."
 
"So, I would say I got my first bookkeeping job on Facebook
since I saw you on Facebook.
But actually, I first saw you on YouTube
because I was searching
about online jobs on YouTube.
I was researching Social Media Marketing.
I was considering it
back then because it is in line with my course.
Then, I saw that you have a group.
I was encouraged to join your group.
Luckily, after a few weeks,
you posted a job opportunity."
"Yeah, that time that I created the group,
it was also the time I decided to start
scaling up on BossedUp PH agency.
I remember that time,
you said to me that you were nervous
and you don't have enough sleep because
you reviewed the Quickbooks software."
 
"Actually, I feel that 
that job was really for me.
 
It's because that client that you have given to me,
the system that they are using is Quickbooks Online.
I totally have no idea about
Quickbooks online.
What I am familiar with is
Quickbooks Desktop.
I was so shocked when
he opened the system
and he was asking me to do
bills and expense entries.
That was the first time
I saw that system.
I was just so lucky because their internet connection got lost
so we rescheduled for the next day.
Overnight, I researched Quickbooks Online.
I studied it.
If you would see my computer back then,
I have a lot of sticky notes
because I just studied
Quickbooks Online that night.
And during the call, they asked me
to do exactly what I have studied."
"Actually, it was really perfect timing.
It was a blessing in disguise that during that time,
their internet connection is not that good.
So, we have to reschedule it.
So, you had the time to review
Quickbooks Online.
The job was really for you.
That is nice.
So now, since you are still working with my clients,
you have accounts with me,
what are the usual things you do?"
My day-to-day transactions include entering bills,
reconciliations, and checking the accounts receivables.
Those are my tasks for the clients
you have assigned to me."
"How about the other bookkeeping
clients that you have?
How many bookkeeping clients
do you have right now?"
"Seven."
"Wow! Seven!"
"Because inside your agency, Boss,
I have 3 clients."
"Yeah."
"So, aside from your agency,
I have 4 more clients."
"That's nice.
So, I'm really interested to know how you manage
working with 7 clients and you are also a mom,
and do you also have other
projects aside from bookkeeping?"
"I mentioned before that my first
client is in the e-commerce industry.
I built my own team. But they are only
my family members.
Though I have one friend
working in our team.
We are working with e-commerce businesses.
My husband is the artist.
My sister is the product researcher.
And I hired one e-commerce writer."
"So, out of having no work at all
to having many projects and clients
from bookkeeping and e-commerce.
And your husband has a separate
business as well.
That's nice.
That's really nice.
I am so amazed at how you handle your time.
May I know how long do you
work for your bookkeeping clients?
Do you work everyday, bi-weekly,
at a certain time only, or what?
How do you handle it?"
"I have clients that I attend to daily,
some are every Wednesday, 
and I have a client that I attend to
every sixteenth and first day of the month.
The schedule differs, actually, which is better
because I can allocate my time well.
The secret is time blocking."
"Time blocking, exactly. So, where
do you get your clients?"
"About my four current clients, two of them, I got from OnlineJobs.PH and two of them are from FreeUp.
Among all platforms, FreeUp
has the highest bidding, $7 to $75 per hour."
"Because usually, expert freelancers
are inside that platform?"
"They said so, Boss. It's the top 1%.
But I got in."
"You are really a rockstar
when it comes to bookkeeping.
And this is the amazing part.
Even if you do not plan to venture into that niche,
you are always being aligned to that path."
"Yes, and I am really thankful to you because
I feel like the clients you assigned to me,
they opened the opportunity for me
to enter the accounting niche again.
In which for me, I think that all companies
are in need of a bookkeeper, right?
What I have learned from those clients,
especially the one you gave to me
who is very challenging,
I really learned from him.
The other tasks like payroll, tax compliance,
he is asking me to do those.
But moving forward,
I realized that it is worth it.
It is worth it because since I am a remote worker,
I do not have someone to ask
that is why I learned how to
research on my own.
At the same time, I am really thankful to him
because he is such a techy person.
Those sites and apps that bookkeepers
usually use, he asked me to use those.
My knowledge really expanded
 because of him."
"Oh, that is nice. That is good to hear.
And may I know if you are giving a rate
to your clients per hour or per package,
especially in bookkeeping projects, Abie?"
"On Upwork, I bid package rate for
project-based clients."
"What do you do in package rate offers?
What services are usually included in the package?"
"For the clean ups, the catch-up accounting, 
there are clients who have books that have not been recorded for certain years, for example, for two years, three years, or so.
We will have to catch it up to the current month.
So, that is included in my package.
And if they would hire me
to retain their books monthly,
my pricing for that service is different.
The package is just for the catch-up
accounting until the current month.
It depends on the number of transactions
per month and the number of their bank accounts."
"Speaking of the payment,
may I know if you are asking
for initial payment before working
or do you work on it first
and finish it before you ask?"
"For the clean-up, Boss, since it is a package offer,
I ask for 50% downpayment and 50% upon completion."
"That is nice. On FreeUp, do they
provide the contract to the client
or is it provided either by you or the client?"
"On FreeUp, the contract is provided by the client
but it is being approved first by FreeUp."
"Oh, okay."
"On FreeUp, I charge hourly rate."
"May I know how much is your
hourly rate now on FreeUp?"
"$15 to $25 per hour."
"Do you set that rate
or is it set by FreeUp?"
"I set that rate as I wanted
to brand myself as an expert.
The first rate I set is $13 per hour.
And I see some job postings inside FreeUp
that like I feel I can do it, and the rate is $15 above.
So, I changed my rate.
When I got inside the platform,
I changed my rate to $20 per hour."
"Oh, that is nice. So, before you get inside, you set $13 and
as your account got approved, you changed it into $20?"
"Yes, Boss. Because I've checked the job postings as I wanted to know how much is the rate on the platform.
And they said that experts are inside that platforms so I thought, 'why not brand myself as an expert?'
"Exactly. You did the right thing.
May I know if it is easy to register on FreeUp?
Is there a fee?"
There is no registration fee on FreeUp.
But unlike the other platforms,
the profile approval system is different.
Because before you have an account inside,
you will undergo an exam and interview."
"So, since you are a bookkeeper,
is the exam and interview about bookkeeping as well?"
"They will provide a reviewer.
It's like the do's and dont's as a freelancer.
Something like that.
I forgot about the details, Boss,
since it's been a while already.
And that will be the exam.
Just like in an agency, you can't disclose to the
client how much you are receiving, something like that."
"But it works differently from Upwork?"
"It's like Upwork as well
but on FreeUp, if there are job openings that fit your
skills, they will email you in case you want to apply. 
"That is nice. I also want to try that.
Can you bid on FreeUp per package
or should it be per hour only?"
"I have not yet tried offering a per package rate, Boss,
since what's indicated inside is per hour.
I feel like there is no per package bidding option
because what's in there is that
you will fill out your desired rate per hour."
"May I know aside from Quickbooks Online,
what other tools do you use for
your bookkeeping clients, Abie?"
"I am using Wave App,
 it is also a cloud-based accounting software.
The other one is Buildium.
Buildium is for realtors, for real estate,
that is the system they are using."
"And I remember, you are also using VPN.
What is it for?"
Since we are given access to bank
accounts, to their vendors or suppliers,
for example, Home Depot,
I cannot access it without VPN
because it is an American site.
So, I am using a VPN.
Also for the bank accounts,
it is for added protection for the clients as well."
"Yeah, by the way,  for these
bookkeeping software and tools,
do the clients pay for the subscription or not?"
"The clients."
 
"Is it required to use the premium version
or is it okay if not?"
"It's better to use the premium version.
But for VPN, there are free ones that you could use."
"Especially if you are accessing bank accounts
and anything that involves money,
I feel like it is safer if you will
use premium accounts
to make sure that no one can
know your login details and the likes.
I can really still remember during our call
for the project under BossedUp PH,
you also mentioned that you are still
familiarizing yourself in freelancing.
You mentioned that one to me.
And now, you are earning that much,
I am really happy for you,
to think that you are also a mom.
how many kids do you have, Abie?
Two?
How old are your eldest and your youngest?"
"My eldest child is 8 years old
and my youngest child is 2 years old only."
"So, the two-year-old child
really needs attention."
"Yes, Boss. He is so clingy."
"Do you think newbie freelancers
can become a bookkeeper
even if they have zero knowledge
in bookkeeping?"
"For me, yes. Because it just depends on
their willingness to learn.
Because if you are willing to learn
and you will really study that thing,
nothing is impossible.
To think that all resources are
now available online,
YouTube and Facebook,
you can now learn anything.
Actually, when I entered into freelancing,
I was a total beginner because of course,
the US bookkeeping is different from ours.
So, I just learned everything online.
From YouTube and from
the support groups that I have joined.
I joined different bookkeeping groups.
And just in case, in your free time,
you can read their concerns.
There are times that I am reading
a concern that is the same as mine.
So, I was just like, "Oh, so that's how it is."
That's what you need to work on.
You need to learn on your own."
"Speaking of that, didn't you enroll in
any paid bookkeeping course?"
"Just free resources online.
Because when I was just starting out in online
bookkeeping, we were broke that time.
 
I gave birth at that time and the moment
I was about to go back to the office, March 16,
they imposed a lockdown in Manila.
So, I was not able to go back to work.
And before I gave birth,
we bought a house and a lot.
And all of our appliances were brand new.
 
Because I thought that time,
"I will be going back to the office so let's go, buy it."
But unfortunately, I was not able to go back.
So, our budget at that time
was good only for two months."
"So, it was such a timing
that the lockdown occurred as well.
The pandemic is really an unfortunate event
but at the same time,
for you Abie,
it was like a blessing in disguise
because you got into the online industry.
Can you please give 3 pieces of advice as to how
aspiring and newbie freelancers can start as a bookkeeper?"
"First, if you want to become a bookkeeper,
you have to study, at least, the basic accounting principle.
There are many resources on Google.
Second, you have to have equipment:
computer, internet, and the likes.
Third, learn how to use the system.
Two systems that I think they first have to learn,
the two that are in demand today,
Quickbooks Online
and Xero app.
Mostly, Xero is being used
by Australian clients.
 
As for me, my target clients are
based in the US.
Most US companies are
using Quickbooks.
So, you have to know first
who your target market is."
"That's nice. But do you have
Australian clients now who are using the Xero app?"
"None, all my clients are based in the US."
"Oh, okay. That's nice.
Thank you, thank you so much.
Your advice is so good.
You said it so right when you mentioned
that they should know, at least, the basics.
They should have the equipment
to use for their work.
They should know how to use the app that
they will be using for their service as a bookkeeper.
I really love that.
What do you think is the starting rate
that they can offer to their clients if they are 
doing a service package or a per hour rate, Abie?"
"If you are a beginner, I advise you
to charge per hour first.
So that as you render your service to your client,
you also get to familiarize yourself with the system.
The rate for beginners, for me,
is $3 to $4 per hour.
Then, if you become an expert,
if you are already familiar with it,
it is better to offer a package rate.
Because, Boss, I closed a per-package
offer to a client. I bid $4000."
"$4000?"
"Our contract is for two months
but I finished it in less than a month."
"Oh, that is really nice."
"It's a clean-up project."
 
"Does the database contain many transactions?"
"We need to catch up a lot of data from the past."
"Oh, so the client's books are really
behind from the current date.
So, you have to catch that up.
That's why you bid high.
Yeah, that is really nice.
Sometimes, the advantage of giving
a service package is that
even if you finish it in a short span of time,
the client will still pay you the same amount.
Yeah, that's great."
"And they will be glad because
you catch up their books fastly. 
They might hire you as a retainer.
They might hire you as
their regular bookkeeper, right?
From there, a good relationship will be built."
"Yeah, that's nice."
"And that client of mine recommended
me to his friend as well."
"Clients through referrals, right?"
"Since I am not always busy
as my hourly rate client is only on FreeUp.
The rest of my clients are paying monthly.
So, I still have some excess time."
"I heard and I can see postings
on your Facebook page
that you are giving free webinars
to aspiring and newbie bookkeepers.
Can you please tell more about that, Abie?"
"When I started freelance bookkeeping,
there was no one to help me out.
I worked on my own.
I researched on my own.
It was so hard.
So, my advocacy is to teach aspiring and newbie
bookkeepers on how to land their first clients.
Whenever I have free time,
I conduct free webinars on how to start,
the basics that they need
to know about bookkeeping,
how to create a proposal as a bookkeeper,
I teach things like that."
"Nice, do you have a Facebook group that they
can join or they are just going to like your page?"
"I post updates on my Facebook page."
 
"Oh, okay. We are going to put the link below
so they can click and like the page
and get updates on when
the next free webinar will be.
I am really happy, Abie, that you
are also sharing your knowledge
to those who want to
become a bookkeeper.
That's what will give you more blessings
because you are sharing your
knowledge to other people as well.
I am so happy that you are
also part of my team.
I know that you are being
so patient with one of your clients.
I can really feel your frustration like, "I know
that Abie is being so patient about this client."
But you are really a rockstar
and I can really see that the
Lord will give you many blessings
because you are so generous
with your knowledge
and you also take good
care of your clients.
Thank you so much also for
the tutorial that you have created
about the basic things that
you do as a freelancer.
We are going to share that one
after this interview 
so they can see the basic things
that you do for your clients."
"To those who want to access
the Quickbooks system,
you can access it even if
you don't have an account yet, 
using this one
'Test Live Quickbooks Online'
using the sample
company of Quickbooks.
And this is what we call 'Dashboard'
Upon signing in,
you will be redirected to the dashboard.
As you click the gear icon here,
you will see here the tools,
the list, and the company information.
You can also see your profile here.
If you are handling many companies,
it will appear here as a list.
Then, you can switch account.
And these are the tools.
In the banking menu,
you will need to connect the
bank account of your client.
You will just need to link the account here.
We don't have something to link now
as I don't have a sample bank account.
But basically, you will just choose here
the account that your client is using.
You will just fill out the signing information
and that's it.
But if none, you can just upload it.
And just like the other systems,
this one is just easy to use as well.
For you to easily become a bookkeeper,
all you need to establish is your knowledge in accounting.
Most people think that this is just a
data entry task, but it's a misconception.
It's not just a data entry job.
There are also some rulings.
So, here is the menu for
the 'Expense' and the 'Vendors'
I save here all the vendors' information.
I always create here a new vendor
so it's easy to find and check details.
And of course, the list of reports is here.
The most important part
of financial statement
is the balance sheet, profit and loss,
cash flow, and then equity.
What bookkeepers usually use,
personally, in my two years of bookkeeping,
I usually only use the profit and loss,
balance sheet, and cash flow statement.
But most business owners in the US usually
look into the profit and loss statement.
Because they can see here if
their business is working well, right?
And if you want to access the
other free apps that I also use,
the Wave app,
it works the same with Quickbooks.
It's easy to use.
You will just sign up here.
You can use this app for free.
Totally free forever.
I have my own account here
because I practiced here.
So, here in accounting,
the net income is so high, right?
It's just a sample though.
This looks the same with Quickbooks, right?
Under the 'Accounting' menu,
'Transactions', 'Reconciliation',
'Chart of Accounts'
You can see the connected accounts here.
And the actual reports are here.
It's basically the same with Quickbooks.
For the Xero app, I can't walk you through that system
but it is just the same with others.
All cloud-based accounting
software works pretty the same.
My tip for you is to first study
the basic accounting principles.
From there, the system will then be easy to use."
So, that's it.
For sure, all the things Abie has shared to us,
how she started,
the tools she uses,
even her time management
on how she handles multiple clients,
her advice about the starting rate,
whether you should start with per hour or per package,
things like that,
for sure, you really had a good idea
on how to start.
Even the tutorial she made for us,
that is also really helpful
for you to have an idea
of what bookkeepers do.
If you want to learn more about bookkeeping
and how to start,
don't forget to like her Facebook page,
this one
or just click the link below.
 
If you have any further questions,
you can comment it below
or you can directly message Abie on her
Facebook page so she can respond to you directly.
Before I am going to end this video, 
I would like to flex the works of my
Boss babes and Bosses inside my group.
Check this out.
 
If you want to join our Facebook group,
just research “I’m Ready to Boss Up by BritxSui”
And don't forget to like our
Facebook page.
And don't forget to follow us on our Instagram accounts
@britxsui and @bossedupph.
So, yeah.
I hope to see you guys on my next one.
Bye!
