Guys behind me is a City Hall and this is
actually the park here. and also like in the
middle of the city.
usually at this time it's kind of crowded
here.
but now not so many people.
Today is Friday and it's in the afternoon.
Usually a lot of people coming here for taking
photos and also the park, this park where
I am usually has a lot of people and there,
right there, will also have a lot of people
selling some like farmers from the town i
mean from the the farm all be coming here
and selling their crops but today it's not
here so it's really quiet here. and at 5 o'clock
in the afternoon it is not allowed to buy
alcohol and also the malls are close at 7'oclock
so and also 9 to 5 in the morning is a curfew
that you should not be on the street or so
here Davao city.
Guys, I am here right now on San Pedro Street.
This is now the third day of like isolation
in the city.
You are allowed to go out, there are still
people.
Surprisingly there are still people in Bankerohan
Public Market.
But this one right now you are looking at
San Pedro Street.
But today is sunday is actually the usual
day of Sunday not many traffic running here.
But this absolutely already very very less
traffic today.
during Sunday here, over here in this area
usually lots of flowers today they are close
there should be a lot of people the usual
Sunday, and it's really really lots of beautiful display here and today that quiet
Hi Tita,
you are alone today.
No competition today.
Flowers of Tita so beautiful like her.
Can I buy 20 pesos Tita?Only 20 pesos of roses.
Is that Americano? No it is not, it's my blog
Not allowed American here.. Ha ha ha..
Wow, I love you, no need to wrap it Tita.
Yes. that's it. No need to wrap. Bye, happy sunday
Thank you, take care.
I got 3 beautiful roses for my 20 Pesos. Isn't it cool?
This is Bolton Extension in front of this
road is Magallanes Street.
Front over there is this a Rizal park and
as well as the San Pedro Church.
Usually the normal days, today is monday 23
of March and we are advise to stay in the
house.
stay home.
The usual time here this street or road is
very very crowded this is a school here and
down there on the road, full of people selling
bananas and stuff something to eat.
something to snacks. and today is very quiet
and usually this tricycle also will not be
there and today this is how it looks like.
This building is Philhealth.
It is a goverment like health care like an
insurance you can pay and then they will help
you out when comes of time when you are sick.
This road is heads to BIR - Bureau of Internal
Revenue.
This road is super super crowded during the
normal days.
The usual activity here on this street, this
is Bolton extension here in Davao city Philippines
it's a bit crowded at this time because kids
are practice dancing on the street here. and
today they are not around.
and this is the 4rth night of advise from
the city Mayor that people has to stay at
home.
Seems to be working.
