What's up guys?!
Today we're gonna be making Kutsinta.
Kutsinta is a sticky Filipino treat that's usually topped off with grated coconut and is eaten as a snack or a dessert.
To start, first drop in half a cup of all-purpose flour into a mixing bowl.
Followed by half a cup of brown sugar.
Using a whisk, stir the dry ingredients together.
Next add in 1 cup of water.
And 1 teaspoon of lye water.
And then just mix everything together.
At this point, your Kutsinta mixture is done and you'll want to start prepping your steamer trays.
We like to put a piece of cheesecloth at the bottom of each tray.
This helps to prevent moisture from building up and dripping onto your Kutsinta as they're steaming.
Now all you have to do is fill your Kutsinta molds or any other small pastry molds you might have.
You'll want to fill each mold to about two-thirds of the way full.
Once you're done, set the tray aside, and quickly prep the lid of your steamer.
All you want to do is take a cloth and wrap it around the lid like so.
And then attach clips at the top to help secure the cloth to your lid.
Like the cheesecloth from earlier, this will help prevent any built-up moisture from dripping into your kitchen to molds.
We recommend that while you're making the Kutsinta mixture that you also start boiling the water for your steamer so that it's ready when you need it.
Now just place your tray of Kutsinta on top.
And put on the lid.
You'll want to steam your Kutsinta for about 15 to 20 minutes or until your Kutsinta are nice and firm.
When they're done remove the tray from the steamer and allow them to cool for a couple minutes before handling them.
Once they're cool to the touch, simply take a toothpick and use it to loosen the edges of your Kutsinta from their molds.
They should just plop right out!
You can eat your Kutsinta as is, but more often than not, it's eaten with some grated coconut.
You can serve them up with the coconut on the side or you can go ahead and just top all of them off!
We like our grated coconut, so we just piled it on.
It's talagang tasty!
