Hey friends! It's Akidearest!
And this video is going to be a little bit more different than what I normally post
And so a lot of you guys may know that I am Filipino [fellow caption contributor here is also filipino!]
I am a hundred and ten percent Filipino.
How Filipino, you may say?
Well I eat Sinigang and crap out Adobo and.. freaking Halo-Halo runs through my veins
A lot of you guys that either, don't hang out enough around Filipino culture or aren't Filipino, probably don't understand what I said
For my Filipino fans out there who have constantly wanted to know
Can I speak Tagalog fluently?
The answer is no.
NOOOOOO!!!
*Cries in Filipino*
KRISTINE!
The only thing is that I can understand it but I can't speak back
But living in a Filipino household my entire life
There are a lot of words and phrases that I've learned to pick up
So today I'm going to be teaching some of them to you
And my Kuyas and Ates, feel free to just sit back and laugh at my accent
The first one I'm gonna teach you guys is the words, Yes and No
For yes, 'Opo' (Oh-Poh)
Oh poe?
Opo
"Hey, do you wanna hang out later?"
"Opo"
The word for no is 'Hindi' (H-in-dee)
Hindi
Hindi? Hindi.. I:I
Hindi
"Hey, do you wanna hang out later?"
"Hindi"
Another phrase is 'I love you'
You'll hear this a lot if you watch soap operas on the couch with your mom
'Mahal kita' (Ma-Hal-Ki-Tah)
Mahal kita
Mahol kita? Mahol kiita?
Mahal.. kita
So to all of my Filipino friends out there, Mahal kita
Fluent Filipinos, tell me, is there an accent when I speak it cause I'm doing my best here
The next one is hello, in the most casual way you can say is
'Kumusta or kumusta po' (Ko-Moo-Stah)
You realize that the Filipino language is very similar to Spanish
So kumusta po! Or kumusta!
"Kumusta! You wanna hang out later?"
"Hindi"
This next word is more so what parents will call their kids
So if you're ever at your Filipino friend's house and you hear the parents telling them this, you'll understand why
And the word is 'Anak', which just means baby, honey (Ah-knock) [basically means child]
I guess.. it's like a little nickname that you give to your kids
The next one is the words brother and sister
Brother is 'Kuya' (Koo-Yah)
Kuya
Kooya?
Kuya
And sister is 'Ate' (Ah-Tae/tay)
ATE?!
Ate
ATE?!
Ate
Now whether you biologically have a Filipino brother or sister, this is still applied
Because amongst Filipinos, it seems like everyone is your brother or sister
So I have Filipino guy friends that will call me Ate or I call them Kuya
So even though you're not biologically related, it's more so like out of respect
Like "Hey, you're a Filipino, I'm Filipino. Hi Ate!"
So if you ever look in the comments section down below, you'll know if they're Filipino if they say
"Ate Aki!! >W<"
Not 'ate' Aki, cause I know that there have been some replies or people who are like
"Who ate Aki? o.o"
The next one is 'Salamat po', this means thank you or 'Salamat' (Sa-Llama-t)
Sail-a-mate
Salamander?
Salamat
So like,
"Hello, would you like this apple?"
"Hindi"
"Okay. How about you?
"Ah, salamat po!"
The next one is what, 'Ano' (A-noh)
Ano?
Example,
"Mahal kita"
"Ano?"
So for this next segment, you're going to realize that pretty much all of these are English words
And that's because English is a second language in the Philippines
So I'm going to teach you guys to say sorry, okay and thank you
Sorry po, Okay po, Thank you po
Do I have to put the word 'po' at the end or else? They can't understand it or are we gucci?
Yes. Definitely.
Obviously that was a joke, you can easily just say the English word if you want without saying the 'po'
The 'po' is to just make it a little bit more formal and out of respect [you also use them for respecting the elderly]
When I was little I used to think that the only thing I ever needed to know to, speak Filipino fluently, was just to say 'po' at the end of everything I say.
Next phrase, nice to meet you is
'Ikinagagalak ko kayong makilala' (Ee-Kee-Na-ga-ga-lot ko kay-ung Ma-kay-la-la
Ikinagagalak ko kayong makilala
Yup, so uh.. good luck with that [i never use that lmao]
I know that first word, a lot of you guys right now are just like
"Ano?"
The next phrase, really useful, if you come across somebody that you don't agree with
or says something out of line that goes against something you believe in
Feel free to say the words,
'Putang ina mo'
It means I have to disagree.. [utang ng nanay mo. for family friendly version]
I promise, that's what it means, just try and say that
At hushed tones, as quietly as you can and when they're not around
or if you feel up to it, scream it at the top of your lungs
I promise they'll understand exactly what you're saying
We do this all the time [true]
And the final phrase, the most important one that all Filipinos need to know and that all Filipinos and Filipino Americans have heard
From their parents, at least a thousand times, once a day around dinner
'Kain ka na?' (Kah-In ka na)
Which means 'Did you eat?' [or kumain ka na/ba?]
To this you would respond the words either opo, which means yes or..
Guess the other one
Yes, you can just say yes. they'll understand it
"Wait but, what about hindi or no?"
No. You don't say 'Hindi' to 'Kain ka na?'
There is no such thing as a hindi to kain ka na. All hell will be broken loose
So those were some simple phrases and words for you guys that I think are pretty useful that you'll hear often
Oh and fun fact, there is not really an F sound in the Filipino language
So the word like Filipino, it's actually Pilipino. I don't know why we spelled it with an F even though we can't even say it
And then there's the Philippines, I know it's a PH but even then we have to say the Philippines
So I'm Pilipino from the Philippines or I'm.. pina (Filipina) which is just Filipino girl
Someone explain to me. Why did we spell it with an F if we can't even say it? [i don't know ate]
FFFFFF... PHILIPPINES
So hopefully you guys had fun. Now if you don't mind me
There's some Filipino Spaghetti with Tender Juicy Hot Dogs caught up in it, that is calling my name
And I appreciate you guys for watching
If you're new to this channel, I usually do anime and otaku related content
But if you don't care about that and just want to watch me doing whatever then feel free to go subscribe [it's your choice, you decide]
In.. I was about to say in the comments section down below. What?
And Filipinos if you have any more phrases that you guys would like to teach the other fans,
Feel free to also comment them down below
So I appreciate you guys for watching and subscribe to my channel for anime and otaku related content
And I will see you guys in the next video.
Bye bye! [paalam!]
[thanks for watching! feel free to comment down below and subscribe to ate aki's channel]
