Alright... it's out!
Here it is!
It's out now finally! lol
Hey guys! It's Filip G6 and welcome to my YouTube channel!
In today's video, as you can see also from the video's tittle i will be trying filipino snacks.
My friend and colleague Cherie, some of you know her from my other videos which she has been in,
was on vacation in her own country - Philippines, she came back few days ago and she brought me
one whole package of filipino snacks. I opened it once and i saw what's inside but then i closed it
because i wanted to make a video and share my impressions with all of you.
So.. this is it.
Package that i got.
..and...inside there's some things ..
Actually it has some dried fruits...
This is...
These are actually seeds. Seeds of a watermelon
So i never actually tried a watermelon seeds.
I didn't know that they're eatable as well.
So this is going to be interesting to try.
I just think i should have taken..
yep..i spilled it
I should have taken something to put the shells in..
I don't know how to peel this..
I don't know if you can see it
I'm sure it's blurry, because the focus is directed here..
I don't know how to peel these..
I forgot which language i was speaking on..lol
There should be instructions how to peel these..
But really, it's not that simple as sunflower seeds.
I'm good.
It came out. Here it is.
It came out finally.
It has good taste.
It tastes like a seed of apricot..yeah
I think it was apricot..yes
The taste reminds me of apricot seed.
You know when it gets dried and when you peel it?
I only need to break a tooth...
I hope that won't happen.
I don't know how to eat them..
I don't know how to eat them..However, i'll continue.
I got water here with me
to rinse my mouth because here i have savory and sweet things
Now i'll go with  corn.
This one is fried or roasted, i don't know.
It looks tasty. I think we also have similar as this, in Macedonia.
But still..
This is spicy
It has some weird smell..
I don't know if i can eat this..
Because it's spicy.
I'll try one
This corn is good!
It's dry, crunchy.
It has interesting taste.
But also, it has a bit spicy aroma.
I'm not really a type of person that likes spicy food..
But here, i'm surrounded by lots of spices.
The indian cuisine, filipino cuisine..
They're using lot of spices. Strange spices.
Asian spices, that we're not used to and they're strange to us.
So these ones have some spices as that but not with that strong aroma.
So, i can handle it. It's okay.
Interesting taste.
Okay, what do we have next?
I have few of these.
This is something like a gummy candy.
 
I don't remember when was the last time that i ate gummy candies.
When i was a kid for sure.
Interesting.
With strawberry flavor.
Sweet.
What do we have next?
These are some.. nuts
i don't know.. it looks like a soybean.
Peanuts?  I don't know what are they. I'll try now.
By the way, i hope my camera is rolling..I have to check.
Everything is fine. My camera is rolling but i have to check just in case.
Where was i?
i was viewing these interesting grains that look like some peanuts..
They don't have any smell.. they look like a soybean
it has something bitter inside.
There's another grain inside
Something is burning my tongue
Something is burning my tongue!
Something's hot.
It has a bit of hotness
hot taste
yes, they're sprinkled with some spicy flavor.
But they're nice.
Yes. They're interesting.
OK, what do we have next?
I have to drink water.
There's lot of cars outside. They're making noise.
We have banana chips next!
I think i'll really like this.
Because i love bananas, it's my favorite fruit.
And i haven't tried banana chips until now.
I'm pretty sure i'm going to like this.
This is really interesting guys.
Here is how it looks. I hope you can see it.
It's shiny. It looks like it's varnished,
Well this is banana!
I really like this. I think it's the best thing i've seen so far.
And the best thing of everything that i have here.
Very good!
I'll try to find and buy these here.
What do we have next?
We have some seeds again.
Similar package as the first one, as the one with the watermelon seeds.
But i don't know what are these seeds from?
And it doesn't says..
It only has the mark, of the brand itself.
I can't open it.
I have to get up and take a knife.
I'm back guys, i got a knife.
And this knife is very sharp.
Now let's see what this is.
And i'm checking the smell, to see if there's any smell or say strange spices...lol
This one is easier to peel it.
These are some seeds of pumpkin.
But they're not as the ones we have in MK.
These are some kind of different.
I hope they're seeds from pumpkin, i'm not sure.
I'll ask Cherie.
I dropped it.
I've made a mess here guys..I have seeds and shells all over
but it's interesting to try some snacks or traditional 'snacks' or whatever it's called
from different country, especially some of these Asian countries.
there are some similar like the ones we have, but some are totally different.
Especially when it comes to the aroma itself and the spices.
I have a whole package of sunflower seeds.
Okay, we also have sunflower.
But this looks pretty big.  I won't open the sunflower seeds package now because we all
have tried sunflower seeds, we all know what's the taste like. I'll eat it some other time.
But i like, it's big package and i like the seeds because they're big.
I don't know if you can notice or not, but the seeds are really big.
Interesting.
What do we have left?
I have some mixed nuts. Hot and spicy.
These are very popular and they have it here, i've seen it.
And i also think that i've tried once.
They're available here in this country, and there's also other filipino products.
And .. i don't know if it's the spicy ones...
Okay, it doesn't smells bad.
A yeah, they're mixed. It has peas,
yes, it has literally peas
i almost lost the peas
Here it is
There's corn
This is good as well.
This is good, crunchy and very tasty.
I don't know what this is .
It tastes like chips.
Like some peanuts.
It's not that spicy,
it's not salty, it has some specific flavor
they're crunchy
and they're very tasty.
i tried that.
I think i finished. I have few more of the ones i showed you before.
The gummy candies. With strawberry flavor.
The sunflower seeds, the banana, these seeds, the banana chips, the first watermelon seeds
which i don't know how to eat
because they're literally hard as rock. You cannot peel it, you cannot break it.
I'm not planning to try break it with my teeth again cause i might break a tooth
I think that would be it guys,
I have to drink water once again,
I hope you liked this video, i think that's it.
I'll put the link of all the videos that Cherie has been into my videos together with me
we have lot of interesting and funny videos together, my personally favorite and most funniest video with her
is THE WHISPER CHALLENGE, so i'll put the link down below in the description
check out all the videos that i have made with her so you'll see her as well.
Thank you for watching this video, i hope you liked it. If you did, click LIKE
Subscribe to my YouTube channel, you already know how, by clicking the red button SUBSCRIBE
Click LIKE once again, click LIKE until the button itself turns blue, black, white? Wait, which color should be?
I have no idea. It doesn't matter, just click LIKE.
I think i should stop talking crap, that would be it.
Follow me on my Instagram profile: filip.g6
See you in the next video, just to remind you, I'm making new videos every Tuesday and every Friday.
Be active on my YouTube channel, also on my Instagram profile, follow me and see you soon. Bye
