hey guys there welcome to my youtube channel my 
name is tristan and i post videos about beauty  
pageants and myself please consider subscribing to 
my youtube channel if you're interested in these  
types of videos so in this video guys i'm going 
to be evaluating the past seven miss universe  
philippines over the years. please take note that 
i started watching beauty pageants in 2018 and i  
kind of had to binge watch all of them that's 
miss universe from 2015 to 2017 and then from  
there now i watch miss universe himmediately after 
the competition so first up there so i have pia  
wurtzbac so her journey was kind of tough like 
she joined miss universe philippines three times  
before she was able to win and i think she's a 
really cool nice person in universe 2015 she was  
called in top 15. during the swimsuit competition 
she was so great and with that she eventually made  
it to the evening gown round. trust me guys i 
think that her gown was so gorgeous the blue  
gown it was so great for that time but i think if 
you wear something like that now in the pageants,  
you're not really going to stand out if 
you understand what i'm talking about.  
she made it to the question and answer and i think 
that her answers were so good the way that she  
answered them the manner in which she responded i 
think that was good and all that put together it  
eventually earned her the title of miss universe 
although she was first runner up for about one  
minute but it's okay so after miss universe, she 
continues to become an ambassador for hiv and  
aids, continues to help others and many more so i 
think that all together i think she's really great  
representing philippines. and yeah let's move 
on to the next person next up guys so i have  
maxine medina miss universe philippines 2016. 
so guys i watched the preliminary competition  
of 2016 and oh my god guys just had intro it was 
so sweet like we said Maxine Medina - Philippines.
the manner in which she said i don't know, it's 
kind of set my phone on flames just her intro  
and then the applause and then also guys it was 
in the philippines so you have to expect a lot of  
shouts and noises and reactions but still i think 
the manner which she introduced herself it was so  
great she was now called the top 16 where she 
was so sweet and later when she made it to the  
swimsuits competition and to me guys while in the 
swimsuit competition i think that's where she was  
very full of life and then that got her a spot in 
the evening gown competition and even when in the  
evening gown competition she was elegant and 
she made it to the top six so i feel like it's  
here in the question and answer that she kind of 
like flopped down a little i don't know if it was  
that she's did not understand the question well or 
she's never really had the time to think to give a  
clear answer to the question but her journey had 
to end there so according to me in this point i'm  
like normally pia first and then maxine in second 
place. moving on guys to 2017 you have rachel  
peters so i think rachel is great in fact all 
the candidates from philippines are great. in  
miss universe 2017 she made the top 16 and in the 
swimsuit competition where she was very good there  
and then from there she made it to the evening 
of competition where i would say she did well  
because her gown was good and well constructed, 
then from there guys she did not move forward. so  
overall to me i would say she's average, her 
performance here was kind of average as compared  
to what you usually see philippines 
brings to the stage of miss universe.  
at this stage i'm going to say the first is pia, 
second is maxine and third is rahcel peters.
so coming up in fourth place we have Catriona. 
oh my god guys whenever i just hear the name  
catriona gray like seriously i kind of like oh 
my god because this was the first time i actually  
watched the miss universe pageant immediately 
after the competition. i was already miss universe  
fan by then. the preliminary competition started 
guys believe it or not catriona gained a million  
followers just after the preliminary competition 
so you can imagine the impact that she had on  
people according to me her consistency 
in the competition was not very strange  
because she competed before in miss world 
and she trained a lot for miss universe. it  
was this year that the opening statements were 
introduced and i'll say that catriona did really  
great here it was okay and then eventually she 
makes it to the swimsuit competition that as  
when it comes to life. the swimsuit completion 
it's not really my best but catriona, i don't  
know guys like she was just so hot then the way 
that she walked the round, i was like gosh, you  
know what i'm talking about. i want to apologize 
if you feel that i'm speaking here more than how i  
spoke about all the other delegates it is because 
that this was the year that i really started  
watching miss universe competition and i watched 
it immediately after the competition so i really  
have too much to say because like i was living 
in the moment. evening on competition came and i  
saw catriona and i was like a wow catriona and her 
designer really knew the job that they were doing  
when it came to miss universe especially with 
her signature pose again. then eventually  
guys she moves on the question and answer and what 
i like about her answers is that her answers are  
brief but yet they are still detailed and you get 
all the information that she's trying to pas.s in  
the end guys she ended up winning the crown and to 
me i'll say she really deserved see like she was  
good. so at this point i would say the first on 
the list, we have pia and we have catriona sorry  
then coming in second please we have maxine and 
then we have rachel peters. so we're going to 2019  
with gazini ganados. so i think it's the 
year that i started to feel the pressure of  
the miss universe competition, a tough one because 
we had thailand, we had vietnam, we had mexico,  
puerto rico, south africa and we see many strong 
delegates that i knew them so oh my god this year  
was sort of not easy. trust me then guys that time 
when they passed africa and asia pacific without  
mentioning philippines, i was like okay maybe this 
year that philippines is going to flop but still  
they came to the wild card and eventually they 
called philippines and that was gazini gandos.  
so she moves forward now onto the um opening 
statement one and she says her statement.  
according to me i feel like it's okay but it's not 
okay like us the fans who expected like a lot more  
from her and then they call the top ten and she's 
not amongst so i think that although she made the  
top 20, she did not really give what we expected 
like we were expecting more from her but still i  
am in no place to judge because she can do it way 
better than me. eventually, in the end she did the  
philippines good as she represented her country 
very well so to me at this stage the first is pia  
and catriona, second is maxine third is rachel and 
fourth now is gazini. we'll move on to 2020 and we  
have Rabiya, but Rabiya was a dark horse like 
when she was joining miss universe philippines  
like she wasn't really that popular, nobody know 
about her and when she won the competition from  
there i got to know more about her it was really 
quick guys. it was the preliminary competition  
that i saw that oh my god like philippines is 
really great that's rabiya but still guys i wasn't  
really a fan of rabiaya's gown at the preliminary 
competition and her performance too was kind of  
like it was okay but not so great without 
expected philippines. and one thing i heard  
was that she received a lot of hate comments 
from people on social media so maybe that is  
the reason for her performance not being so good 
what matters in the end she made the top 21.
i was very happy for her very happy for 
philippines. she did swimsuit competition  
and she is very good there. so guys her journey 
had to end here, like i really wanted a chance  
where i'll hear her talk on stage that's in 
the question and answer session, but maybe  
this was not her time and this year it was 
really tough when it came to miss universe.  
so i think that she did a good job. 
and on my list now the order is;  
first we have pia and catriona, second we have 
maxine, third we have rachel, fourth we have  
rabiya and five gazini we move on now to 2021 and 
that's the most recent miss universe competition.
so move on to 20-21 that is the most recent miss 
universe competition that just passed and this  
year i knew maureen from asia's next model so 
i really wanted her to win the title of miss  
universe philippines but in the end bea won and to 
me. she was still great she went to miss neighbors  
and her intro when she said beatrice luigi 
gomez philippines oh my god guys like seriously  
i was very happy i don't know like it just gave 
me vibes like it was so good she was very natural  
especially when it came to her smile and her 
outfits and her gowns were very unique as compared  
to what miss universe philippines delegates 
usually wear on stage and eventually guys she  
made the top 16. so during swimsuit competition 
i feel like she's one of the most natural girls  
who was natural because all the other girls were 
like kind of like breaking bones according to me  
but still, she was still okay i am not saying 
breaking bones is a bad thing i'm just saying that  
maybe they were over doing it but it's still 
okay guys it's just my point of view like  
yeah your own opinion that you think but according 
to me while other girls were breaking bones  
bea was okay she was natural and her evening gown 
competition guys i already saw this um this asian  
vibe from her. her gown was unique from what 
philippines usually brings to miss universe  
and that was great about her like she had her own 
signature personality and her own signature style  
it was like she kind of had a hard time with her 
answer but okay that's where she had to end the  
competition she ended in the top five at miss 
universe 2021 competition. so according to me,  
pia and catriona are number one, beatrice luigi 
gomez is third, number four is maxine medina,  
number five is rachel peters, number six is rabiya 
mateo and seven is gazini ganados. so guys i think  
um philippines really does well when it comes 
to miss universe stage and all that is so great.  
still soon guys i'm also going to be doing a 
reaction to miss universe philippines 2022 finals.  
what country should i make the reaction video for 
next? put it in the comments below and also give  
your opinion about the videos about me how 
you feel that can improve i don't know like  
i'm not usually this free on camera i don't 
know why i'm so free today i'm so free,  
i'm so myself today but still it's okay 
so please subscribe to the channel if  
you are interested in beauty pageant 
videos and follow my social medias  
and i'll see you in my next video thank you 
for taking your time to watch me and thank you.
