Hello my name is Flo.
I’m the co-founder of Easy Wedding Georgia,
helping people between Dubai & Tbilisi to get married.
We’re supporting dozens of people around
the GCC to be legally married in Georgia.
So we are going to answer three questions,
you may be asking yourself.
Why do I need to get a wedding certificate
if I live in the GCC?
Why is Georgia one of the best options for
getting married?
And how to get married?
So the first question is pretty simple.
Why do you need to get married?
If you live together in the GCC you know that
the law is the Sharia law.
It means that it is forbidden for you to live
as a couple without being married.
It is forbidden to have a child without being
married.
So if you’re looking to make your union
official, if you’re planning to move in
together as a couple, if you’re planning
to have a baby you will need a wedding certificate.
Now the second question will be: why Georgia?
When you want to get a wedding certificate,
you are going to realize that living in the
GCC, the chance your partner is of religion
or from another country is usually pretty high.
Because chances are pretty high, the process
and the steps of getting married through your
embassy will be usually pretty hard.
It will be pretty hard in terms of documents,
time, authorizations and all the administrative
hassle you may have to go through.
So when you look at this, Georgia is offering
some cheap, fast & reliable options to get married.
So if you want to live with your partner,
if you want to have kids or if you want to
move in together, you will need a wedding
certificate.
So looking at all of it, Georgia is a fast,
cheap & reliable option.
The third question will be: how?
How to get married in Georgia?
One of the options Georgia gives you today
is to get married over the weekend.
You could fly on Friday and leave on Saturday
having your wedding certificate with you.
It is technically a bit more difficult and
we invite you to visit us on our website easyweddinggeorgia.com
to get all the information.
All we can tell you is that to get married
in Georgia you will need your passport and
the support of Easy Wedding Georgia.
Just with your passport, we can help you to
get officially married.
If you have any other questions, if you want
to book one of the free consultations with us,
please visit us on easyweddinggeorgia.com
we will be more than happy to help you.
