After enjoying the island life in the Philippines we decided to finally come and see what the big  
city of Manila is all about, so we hopped on a flight up from Boracay and we are here now on  
a Sunday. And we've heard that the weekend markets here in the Makati area are absolutely famous and 
you should not miss out on them so we're here at Legazpi market. We are gonna head on in now, and  
hopefully grab some food because we're starving 
already.
Of course, the second we entered here we found a Turkish food stand! I got too excited because I saw Adana kebab, lahmacun...
How romantic!
Thank you!
I can't believe I have found my Turkish people here already!
Bon appetite (in Turkish)
You know what, I've never thought that I would come to Manila (and on my  first day)
I would eat Turkish kofte!
Mama recipe Mama recipe!
I'm the only one who makes it. - Really? How do you make this? (Kefir)
I mean you don't have to tell me exactly! Hahaha
You are Indian, aren't you?
Do I look Indian? I look like everything I guess!
North India, right? - Really?
North India!
So we weren't sure really what to expect when we were coming here and it's definitely surprised us a little bit.
Because we were expecting this kind of old school traditional Filipino market and
There is a good bunch of that! There's vegetable stalls, there's fish stalls. You could even buy clothes here,
but there's also a ton of stuff from all around the world! There's Japanese right behind me, there's Indian,
there's Moroccan, there's Israeli, Turkish... There's a whole host of stuff here, really cool!
We actually decided to just chow down really quickly on a couple of samosas before maybe trying some more local Filipino food after this!
What kind of food is this?
Rice cake, sticky rice. - Is it Filipino? - Yes!
That's is for the market for now we're off to a different part of Manila because  
we want to explore the whole city where as much of it is possible while we're here!
and that's going to be the world's oldest Chinatown! Let's get into the cab!
Welcome to Binondo this is the world's oldest Chinatown it dates back to the 1500s and there is a bunch  
of stuff to see here and food to eat here and this is definitely a more authentic and local side of Manila   
We can't wait to go around and explore it right next to the Lucky Chinatown Mall right now!  
I don't know if we're gonna do shopping but we figured it was a good place to start!  
We're at this Mall, we're here to cool up a little bit because it's extremely hot outside
We decided to stop by at Eng Bee Tin which is a famous Chinese style Filipino Deli that's been  
around since 1912. Obviously, not their first and original location here. They also obviously  
have one outside of the mall that's much more 
popular.
We wanted to try Hopia here, they have so many different types and styles.
They even have Ube which Gökçe's really really excited about! Because that's the stuff that you find inside the
Halo Halo that makes it purple also! I'm gonna buy one right now and try out some Hopia which is kind of like a cake style
dessert that they serve here.
I'm excited to try Hopia because it's Filipino and Chinese at the same time and it's a dessert though
so it's like all the good things together with the flavor that we love so much!
All right - okay oh!
Okay!
They're like four pieces! It's a lot of dessert for us to eat, so probably I'm just gonna have a half just to taste and see
what it is like! Oh God, it smells so good!
Wow the dough outside though it's very very 
thin it doesn't overwhelm you!
The inside is very thick and very fruity and I really really like it!
It's definitely very much on the sweet side of course the dessert, so...
of course it is going to be sweet! You can see the purple color inside!
It's just amazing! I don't know what we're gonna do when we're back to New York.
Do they even sell Ube? I have no idea!
Might as well try it for the first time ever too, right?
Do you like it? - It's good, it's not the most amazing dessert in the world.
Personally, Ube is great but I feel like I might want to try the brownie flavor that they have!
That might be more up my alley, but I think we're gonna save it for next time,
because there's another stop we're gonna be making right after this that is another famous bakery here
in this area so have to save a little bit of room!
Okay we came to the heart of Chinatown to check out one of its most famous bakeries, Salazar Bakery!  
Yes, Spanish name but it is a Chinese style bakery that has been in this very spot since 1947.
Yeah a long history here!
Thank you, thank you! How good is it smelling here?
Amazing, wow, I want to eat everything!
okay which one is this? - Yes ma'am, lotus cream!
Lotus cream, is it the best one?
Yes! - Okay!
so Lotus cream is the best one as she said and then we have the other for the roll!
Sorry, thank you! - Thank you!
We came here for two things; one is going to be this Asado roll which is a pork kind of sweet bun
I'm gonna eat because, of course, Gökçe doesn't eat pork and then we also got a Chinese moon cake
which is actually Lotus based cream. That one's for Gökçe!
So time to dig in!
Oh man, it smells so good and it's fresh - let's dig in!
Do you like it? - It's good but there's such conflicting flavors.
I like it,. Would I go out of my way to eat it? Probably not. - It's Adobo, pork, and?
Yeah adobo pork and a few other things that are mixed in here.
And it's supposed to be salty because of having pork but it's actually sweet?
Yeah well that's the conflicting flavors I think, actually!
And of course we got Chinese mooncake because this is one of the things suggested by my best friend's cousin
This Chinese mooncake is actually very special cake for Chinese culture,
because they eat it for the festival time in the Autumn time and the roundness around the cake is kind of  
representing the togetherness the wholeness 
of the family reunion for Chinese people!
Oh my God! Even one bite is so intense! It is so creamy and so fulfilling!
I don't know how one person can finish this whole thing honestly because after two bites I'll be full!
This is like such intense and such heavy but extremely delicious cake!
Yeah, better than the pork one!
What kind of music is this?!
Chinatown Manila has definitely been so unique it really is cool to see the world's oldest Chinatown 
but now we're gonna go switch it up and see  
the Spanish Heritage of Manila. We will head over 
to another location here in the big city!
And we are back to Europe! Well, it feels like it anyways because this whole Spanish influence on  
the architecture and everything here just makes 
it feel like you're literally in a little Spain!  
Everything here makes you feel like you're in a history and this is a very historical place after all  
We are excited to check out this church so let's go!
Three quick facts about the Church of San Augustine; it's actually a UNESCO world heritage site  
which is pretty awesome! It's also a Filipino national landmark dedicated in 1976.
This is also actually the third iteration of this building it was knocked down a couple times before  
and rebuilt, and it is the oldest stone church in the entire Philippines!
We would definitely love to come back here during the Christmas time,
we'll have to probably put it on our list but we're gonna keep going because it's almost  
sunset time and apparently there's a really cool Sunset spot in this area!
We have made it to the top of the Bayleaf Hotel here in the Intramuros area of Manila
and this is supposed to be one of the best Sunset spots in the entire city!
You get unobstructed views because everything in this old town is on a much lower level and there's even a roof deck  
over there that you could watch the sunset from. 
Of course since we didn't make reservations we  
got the opposite side for the sunset but it's 
actually really nice! We could see out into the  
parks nearby and there's also the wall from the 
old city down below where there's cannons still  
in place from way back then so really excited to check out the food and maybe some drinks!
And this very menu is also from medieval times, as you can see they bring it in the  
biggest announcement level I guess.
Announcing: we have soup, pumpkin truffles... oh that sounds good actually!
All right, I'm going to let Gökçe order and put this down!
Okay, so after a couple drinks and some food enjoying a beautiful sunset here on the top of the Bayleaf Hotel.
Well, beautiful for Manila of course it doesn't compare to those El Nino sunsets of course!
But we are stuffed we're gonna head back to our hotel.
We're gonna go around the Makati neighborhood tomorrow more than just the Sunday market that we saw today.
We can't wait for that we will see you in the morning!
Good morning! We are in Manila's Makati area and even though it's not too sunny it feels so hot today!  
I can't believe how humid it is! Now we're gonna go and do a little bit shopping, explore this area, and have some lunch!
There are so many restaurants lined up next to each other right here and they are very fancy! 
You can tell the profile is a little bit different here! A lot of people are coming here  
probably because it's like a business area and we can see more white collared people here and  
tourists of course!
This is definitely a different side of Manila than what we saw yesterday.
and the prices are of course adjusting accordingly.
I wanted to order some juice and I couldn't believe because the prices are basically matching up with New York prices!
It's six dollars for juice, definitely interesting to see how prices are pretty much higher than the expected in standards.
It's delicious at least!
Yeah, apologies, we decided to get a little bit of Western and Mediterranean food today.
We had a lot of Filipino food and it's delicious but you 
know kind of need to switch it up sometimes!
This is what I'm married to everybody... dancing 
around H&M!
Well we decided not to do a lot of shopping today because it's really humid outside
and we are feeling so tired! In order to wake up, we decided to have Halo Halo for the last time in Philippines!
When we first came here, it was one of the first desserts we tried on our first day in Cebu!
And then we headed in Boracay and both times with Greg and Jumi!
This time just ourselves and we're so excited about it because I really love the Ube flavor,
and anything with Ube is right now exciting me so much and Halo-Halo is really really delicious!
Thank you! I can't believe this is just for one person this is 16 ounces actually!
And we always want to share because it has so much in it!
There's like a whole mix of all the delicious things together and of course our favorite flavor in Philippines, Ube!
There are things that I'm gonna miss so much in Philippines!
1) The calamansi 2) Ube and 3) the garlic rice!
Oh my God! I feel like they became part of my life and  it's going to be so hard to live without!
I don't want to say goodbye to you! I love you! 
Can we just bring some Ube back to New York?
Oh my God, it tastes so good! I can't get enough of this!
So don't mind my purple teeth, we've been digging into the Halo Halo and you know Ube kind of does that to you
but Halo-Halo means mix mix, so basically what you want to do is like just mix up all the ingredients in there
and then take a nice big spoonful of everything and you're gonna get obviously that nice purple Ube flavor
Freaking good! We're glad we came upstairs in here in the Greenbelt Mall
and dug into a delicious dessert before we finish up this video!
We are now back out on Makati Avenue. We're gonna 
finish up our day here though.
We will pick up tomorrow because we're stuffed after that Halo Halo!
The good news is we have some really cool things planned for tomorrow.
We're gonna finally be on the opposite side of eating!
We'll show you more about that tomorrow so don't forget to stay tuned subscribe and we'll see you on the next one! Bye!
So excited to cook up our own local Filipino dishes!
Smells so good!!
I want to have the most Filipino way possible!
Is this cream from a can? No I got this, fresh!
Smells so good, and we are so hungry!
Incredible, oh my god it's so good!
