This is really the first time.
It's like pudding.
Everyone, the restaurant I'm going to right now is 
It is a restaurant specializing in Filipino food.
There were 3 or 4 Filipino restaurants in Korea
Business became difficult due to COVID-19, so I closed my business.
So I went to the only Filipino restaurant in Gimpo that was left in Korea, 'Woo Restaurant.
Now that I've arrived in front of the restaurant, I'll show you the menu when I go in.
I just arrived in front of the restaurant. I'm going to try "Siomai" and "Mang Inasal". My subscribers asked me to try "Mang Inasal".
I will try Filipino food today.
I'll go inside the restaurant and take a look.
(Arrived at Woo Restaurant)
I'll sit in the middle and eat it.
Let's take a look at the menu of this restaurant.
Hello.
There are so many foods I haven't tried in the Philippines
I think I need to taste various foods.
Is there a set menu? 
I want to try "Siomai", "Inasal", and "BBQ". Shall we all eat one?
I'm curious about the set menu here
Do you happen to have a set menu here?
Oh! It's here. The set menu is written here.
(They gave me a set menu)
Oh! Thank you.
The staff gave me the set menu.
"Fiesta set." I'll order this.
There are so many different menus in this set.
Then I'll order it.
I am ready to order.
"Fiesta Set" please.
Thank you.
Everyone, I'm on a show right now 
I've been using a skincare product called "COSRX" for 4 weeks
It's a program to experience skin changes.
I've never shown you my bare face before
For the first time today 
My skin got better than before, so I took courage and stood in front of the camera.
I actually had a lot of skin trouble on my forehead.
I've been using skincare products for 4 weeks now.
The redness and acne disappeared a lot 
The skin has gained elasticity.
so 
When I go on a trip to the Philippines, I'm going to show you my vlog without any makeup.
And
After this shoot, I'm going to go on a trip to the Philippines
Before I went on a trip to the Philippines, I missed Filipino food so much that I visited here.
Then I'll experience Filipino food and review it.
This is the San Miguel beer I drank when I went on a trip to Cebu.
The apple flavor of San Miguel is really delicious.
There's also "chicaron" snack here.
It's a snack made by frying pig skin.
This is really good, too.
There are Philippine ramen and canned sauce here.
I'll sit down and wait for the food.
Thank you
Sprinkle with calamansi sauce and mix.
I'll bring the menu and try it. Please wait a moment.
I'll look for the name of this dish.
The name of the dish is "pancit canton."
The name of this dish is 'Pancit Canton'.
A representative Filipino stir-fried noodle dish with shrimp and meat vegetables
They told me to sprinkle calamansi sauce on top of the noodles
I'll add a little bit of sauce.
Should I put it in a bowl and eat it?
I'll add a little bit of sauce and eat it.
"Just a little bit"
I'll try how "Pancit Canton" tastes.
I'm worried because I'm not good at reacting.
Nervous first bite 
Eat noodles, meat, and shrimp together.
It's like Vietnamese food but it's like Southeast Asian food.
I like shrimp, so I even eat the tail.
I understand why you eat it with calamansi sauce.
I'll add some more sauce and eat it.
The reason why I use this sauce is 
This is because the Philippines likes sour food such as 'sinigang'. 
So, if you sprinkle calamansi sauce, you can enjoy it more because of the sour taste.
I think this dish is the best food with a balanced diet of carbohydrates, proteins, and fats.
I've tasted this dish, so I'll wait for the next dish to come out.
This dish is 'Siomai'.
This is a food called "Siomai" in the Philippines.
It looks like a dumpling
I'll look for this dish on the menu, too.
Dimsum in traditional Filipino style, which is made by filling it with minced pork, vegetables, etc. and steamed
Dumplings are correct.
I have eaten this dish on Cebu street.
I remember eating it with PUSO, a rice wrapped in bamboo.
Then I'll try it.
It tastes similar to what I ate in Cebu. 
But this dish smells like chili oil and has a luxurious scent.
As the restaurant owner said 
I think the quality is definitely different from the "siomai" we ate in the Philippines.
It's spicy, so I'm getting a little hot, but it's deliciously spicy.
This dish is 'Mang Inasal'.
This is a pickle from the Philippines. It's really good
This is the menu that subscribers told me to try.
I didn't have a chance to try this food because I didn't have money on Cebu trip.
It was a situation where I couldn'
I was able to borrow money from the department store in a hurry and come to Korea.
I tried "Mang Inasal" for the first time in Korea today.
Take a deep breath
(The meat was so soft that it was easily cut.)
I'll smell it.
I'll film an insert.
The meat smells like charcoal.
I dip it in the sauce.
The meat is really soft.
It's similar to the texture of Lechon.
It has a very soft texture.
Pickles in the Philippines are similar to kimchi in Korea.
It's fried rice.
This dish is called Liempo.
This is Liempo.
It's such an honor to be able to taste all the Philippine food here.
It tastes similar to the rice I ate at the restaurant where I ate Lechon on my trip to Cebu.
I guess they cooked rice with Filipino rice.
I'm so happy to eat Filipino food here.
I'll try "Liempo".
Wow! This is my favorite.
"Liempo" is like pork belly
It's a luxurious dish that smells like charcoal.
It's like a meal at a nice hotel.
It tastes like I ordered room service at the hotel.
As expected, I like sour food in the Philippines. 
(The sauce tasted sour)
The onion pickled in this sauce was the best side dish to capture the greasy taste.
It's my first time coming to a restaurant without makeup
It's open right now, so there are no customers 
Even if there were a lot of customers here, I would have filmed the VLOG with confidence.
Before, I used to cover up my skin trouble with foundation because I was stressed even if I had only redness and small skin trouble.
When I came out without any makeup 
My skin has gotten a lot better
I forgot to put on sunscreen
I was able to shoot a VLOG with confidence with my confidence.
That's why I'm on this show
It was a project that increased self-esteem and confidence.
Even after this broadcast, if I travel to the Philippines, I'm going to shoot a camera without any makeup.
If I had bulked up 10kg, I would have been able to eat all these foods by myself
Today, I will focus on tasting all the food.
The most delicious food in my standard is Liempo.
I think it's the food that suits the taste of Koreans the best.
I think I like pork more than chicken.
If you like chicken, I recommend "Mang Inasal".
This dish is Palabok.
Philippines' representative rice noodle dish mixed with special shrimp sauce
I wonder what the special sauce is.
I'll try it.
I don't know what scent it is
It's kind of like a pumpkin.
No? I'll try it.
The taste of this dish is the first taste I've ever tasted since I was born.
So you need time to adjust to this taste.
It's sour and light.
I don't know when I only ate noodles, so I'll eat meat and shrimp together.
(It wasn't my cup of tea.)
It's delicious, but it feels like I'm eating porridge.
It's a porridge made of thin cotton.
It tastes healthy.
(Reading the room)
This dish is 'Lumpia'.
I think I've tried this before.
I tried it at the Philippine market in Hyehwa-dong, Seoul, which opens on Sunday.
I remember eating this food there.
This is really good.
It's a traditional Filipino fried dumpling that you can't leave out on a feast day
I'll try "Lumpia".
It's really good. It's so crispy
At Hyehwa Philippine Market, it was not crispy because it was a dish that had been at room temperature for a long time.
It's really crispy here.
It's really delicious, maybe because I fried it and ate it right away.
I think this is the best dumpling.
I took a break from promoting on YouTube for 4-5 months
The reason why I've been resting 
I've been under a lot of stress and betrayed by people I trusted 
Because of these things, I kept my distance from the other person
I didn't go out because I couldn't trust people.
I lived in seclusion in my room
As I was under a lot of stress, I lost 50% of my hair due to severe hair loss.
(Reason I only wore a hat on my trip to Cebu)
So I couldn't go outside.
After receiving hair loss treatment steadily, I recovered and started again with courage.
It was a very good choice for me to be on 'COSRX'.
After appearing on this broadcast, I communicated with people after a long time.
Before that, I lived with people with my back turned
On this show, I was able to take off the mask of makeup without makeup 
It was a time when I could approach people more honestly and share my concerns.
I was able to solve a lot of my problems
I changed from a depressed person to a positive person.
Confidence and self-esteem increased.
People around me said a lot of good things and hopeful things 
Why did I live in hiding until now? That's what I thought
I was able to overcome the days I spent in the dark.
It has now turned positive.
As much as you waited for me for a long time 
Before I go to the army, I will do as many activities as possible, so please look forward to it.
Please look forward to a confident and positive "Sebin Kim".
way to go
This dish is 'Crispy CareKare'.
I've never seen this before.
(Checking the menu)
Popular Philippine food with vegetables and special peanut sauce on whole pork belly roasting slice
It is a popular food in the Philippines.
Let's try it
I think this dish is fried pork. The skin looks crispy.
I've only eaten this meat in Cebu. 
Only meat
The name of the food is 'Heart Breaker'.
I'll try it.
It's fried pork, so I think it'll be similar to chicharon.
Can you see the fried skin?
It tastes the same as the meat I ate in Cebu.
But it's even more delicious because it's my first time eating food with peanut sauce.
I think 'Heart Breaker' will taste better with peanut sauce.
I am so happy that I can taste various foods of the Philippines at once.
I'm so happy.
This dish is 'Pork Sisig'.
a dish of grilled pork with direct fire
I think I burst the yolk and eat it.
This is fun.
I think you'd better scoop it with a spoon.
I'll try "sisig".
(It was very cheesy)
I'll try it again.
How can I describe the taste?
I feel like I'm eating pork fat or shells.
It was really delicious with onions. It helped me get rid of the greasy taste.
(Make sure to eat it with onions)
This dish is 'Crispy Pata'.
Wow, that's amazing.
Everyone, look at this visual.
I've never seen such a visual in my life.
I can't believe there was such food in the world
It looks crazy.
Don't ever eat this food alone.
Because it's delicious when you share delicious food.
You can't eat alone.
It's a visual that's scary to eat.
It's so big.
I'll cut a little bit and eat it.
Wow, look at the sound
(crunchy sound)
I think this dish is eaten like 'Boodle fight'.
How does it taste so amazing?
It definitely tastes like jokbal, but the outside tastes like chicken.
It tastes like eating chicken and jokbal together.
The texture is so good.
I think this food would be good to invite friends to your house and have a birthday party.
It's like a food you eat on an important day.
This food is Halo Halo.
Halo Halo, which I ate in Cebu, was put in a long cup.
But they say that "halo halo" is fake.
Halo Halo made here is the original.
I'll mix it well and eat it.
This food is 'Leche Flan'.
Wow! This is so pretty
"We made all our Leche Flan ourselves."
It looks crazy.
The CEO mixed "HALO HALO" himself.
I'll try it.
Wow! It's really good.
It's incomparably better than the "HALO HALO" we had in the Philippines.
It's 20 times better than the Philippines
My best menu today is 'halo halo'.
I'll finish after eating "Leche Flan".
It came out like a hotel, right?
The plating is so perfect that it's beautiful.
I've heard that if you plate well at a luxury restaurant, the price of the dish increases.
It's like pudding.
This is really crazy. extreme tenderness and sweetness
It's like eating a $30 dessert.
a fancy dessert
I tried various foods from the Philippines today.
If you want to have a happy day 
Don't go to places like Omakase 
Order it as a set and experience various foods in the Philippines.
Visit 'Woo Restaurant' in Gimpo with your friends or lovers and have a good day.
I highly recommend Philippine food.
Everyone, please subscribe and like.
See you later
(We enjoyed the rest of the food with the staff)
