Boy Bawang adobo flavor
Mmm
Hello guys, welcome back to Pinoy Planet. Let's go to the Filipino store in the Netherlands
Let's buy some products and come back here.Hello kababayans... I'm here in the Asian market or
Filipino store thinking to make puto there are so many nice
Snacks here. They have sky flakes
many flavors
This looks good buttered toast. Do you know this guys? I might take one one of my favorites boy bawang
Let's take one of those
Dried mangoes, those are very nice
Condensed milk, I see many mama sita's
Barbecue flavor
Is there any nice product guys that you recommend me to try? Cheese spread
Butter I think this is a famous butter in the Philippines, right?
Corned beef, oh no that's liver spread. How about this thing? Maybe I need this
Cream silk
I'm gonna go with this cheese spread
lady's choice
tocino and longanisa from pampanga's original
See guys in this store. They have so many tasty products from the Philippines. Cilog meals available
Okay, so I got some products here
See you later. We're back guys and I bought many Filipino products as you can see
Sky flakes
This is new for me. I mean, I like sky flakes. I always eat sky flakes, but this is a condensada flavor
So I want to try this one sounds really good, which is your favorite flavor. Let me know
puto I want to make puto soon maybe tomorrow and I went with the
Instant mix so I can try making puto with fresh ingredients from scratch, you know
But I think for the first time I'm just gonna try the instant mix. I've bought some ingredients for the halo-halo
Which I also want to make soon. So I have ube halaya
really nice and
This is a halo-halo
fruit mix in heavy syrup
And also I took coffee jelly cappuccino flavor
Coconut gel coffee. I'm gonna try those three at least with some other ingredients for the halo halo
Do you recommend me to try any other ingredients for halo-halo? just put in your comments I have
munggo beans and
I think this is nice for ginisang munggo diba?
I know that you can make nice dishes with monggo beans. So let me try to find out
Boy bawang gonna taste this one later. It's adobo flavor
So that's a really nice one
Century tuna
I bought a century tuna because I wanna make a tuna sisig as well. Really nice with century. Tuna
and chicharon, chicharon baboy nice with suka and sili and
Also, I took the butter toast. So let's try this one
lets try the butter toast
Butter toast
Hmm matamis
There's a lot of sugar in here I can tell always with Filipino products there they put a lot of sugar I think
Quite good. Okay. Let's try the condensada flavor sky flakes
Hmm this is good. Very nice. I never had this one before
Just like
Three sky flakes, but in the middle they put some layer of like I think condensed milk, right?
Yeah
really good
If you liked this video guys, please give it a thumbs up
Looking forward to see you again. Let me know in your comments which products you like and why
Do I miss something for the halo-halo?
Let me know
I always like to hear your recommendations
For Filipino food. So thank you so much for watching guys
Please subscribe to pinoy planet. See you next time with more Filipino food
