Today we are showcasing youth choirs from
different parts of the Philippines that have
curved its name in different competitions
locally and internationally.
Before we start the video, make sure to like
and subscribe for more content and turn on
the notification bell down below to be notified
of my new uploads.
Number 10 Calasiao Children's Chorus
Calasio Children’s Chorus was founded in
January 2005 and the conductor is Sir.
Gilbert Allan N. Dispo.
The choir is composed of 21 youngsters from
the town of Calasiao, Pangasinan with ages
ranging from 7 to 16 years old.
The 
choir won the Silver Diploma Award in the
Children’s Choir Category and a Bronze Diploma
Awardee in the Music of the Religion Category
at the 4th World Choir Games on July 25-26,
2006, in Xiamen, China.
The choir also became the regional winner
in the Children’s Choir Category of the
2007 National Music Competitions for Young
Artists on September 29, 2007.
Number 9.
The Children's Paradise Choir
The Children’s Paradise Choir is composed
of 29 students from the Children's Paradise
Montessori School in Mandaue City, Cebu.
Their conductor is Mr. Dennis Gregory A. Sugarol,
a very respected and multi-awarded musician/choir
conductor.
The choir won 1 gold and 2 silver medals in
the 2014 Asian Cantate International Chorale
Group Competition held in Hong Kong.
Children’s Paradise Choir is the lone choir
from Philippines to made it in this choral
competition.
Number 8.
Las Pinas Boys Choir
The Las Pinas Boys Choir is formed in 1969
by Father Leo Renier.
Since 2003, they have been trained by their
current conductor, Prof. Armando Salarza,
who is the Titular Organist of the Bamboo
Organ.
The group participated in two categories during
the World Choir Games 2008 held in Graz, Austria,
wherein they got a silver medal in the Musica
Sacra category, and a gold medal and were
declared World Champions in the Children's
Choir category.
Number 7.
Baao Children and Youth Choirs
The Baao Children and Youth Choirs is established
in 2003 as a community and church-based choir
composed of children aged 11 to 18 years old.
Mr. Hermelino Briones is the choir conductor.
The choir won first place and Best Interpretation
of the Contest Piece in the National Music
Competition for Young Artist (NAMCYA) held
in CCP in 2010.
The 
choir represents the Philippines at the 2011
International Children's Arts and Culture
Festival in Malaysia and were the first Asian
choir to qualify to compete in the final round
of the 18th Certamen Internacional Juvenil
de Habaneras 2012, held in Torrevieja, Spain.
Number 6.
Vox Angeli Children's Choir
Vox Angeli Children's Choir is from Quezon
City.
Their choir conductor is Sir Chris Borela,
alumnus and resident composer of the famous
Philippine Madrigal Singers.
Vox Angeli Children’s Choir is the grand
champion in the Children's Choir category
of the Hong Kong International Youth and Children's
Choir Festival in 2008.
The choir was also given the chance to represent
the Philippines at the opening ceremony of
the 2008 Olympics in Beijing and was invited
to sing at St. Paul's Chorale Festival: "Look
at the World"
Number 5.
Young Voices of the Adventist University of
the Philippines
Young Voices of the Adventist University of
the Philippines is conducted by Ray Angelo
Capiento.
The group has participated in the 2nd Asian
World Choir Games and World Choir Championships
in July 2009, where they won 1st place in
the youth category.
The choir also performed as an opening act
at the American International Choral Festival
2011 in Reno-Tahoe.
Number 4.
Kilyawan Consortium of Voices Children's
Kilayawan Consortium of Voices Children's
Choir is composed of different students from
different schools in Manila, Philippines.
The choir conductor is Leonard Paul Cleofas
with the assistance of Sir Mark Anthony Carpio
of the Philippine Madrigal Singers.
The Kilyawan Consortium of Voices Children’s
Choir was able to garner two silver medals
at the First World Youth Choir Festival and
Competition in Jeju, Korea.
The group also won in the secular and sacred
categories over choirs from Korea, China,
Italy, and the United States.
Number 3.
Mandaue Children’s Choir
Mandaue Children’s Choir was founded in
2004.
It is led by their conductor, Dennis Gregory
A. Sugarol, who participated with them in
different international music festivals wherein
they garnered a ton of top prizes and awards.
One of their most recent achievements was
on June 22, 2021, when they placed 2nd in
the Grand Prix and were the recipient of the
Gold Award in the Mixed Choir Category in
the festival participated by 251 choirs from
32 countries.
They were also able to attend the Grand Prix
Competition of the First World Choir Championships
in Gyeongnam, Korea, and were named as the
world champions in the Children’s Choir
Category.
Number 2.
Loboc Children's Choir
Loboc Children’s Choir is established in
1980.
The choir is composed of thirty children between
nine and thirteen years old, who all attend
Loboc Central Elementary School.
The choir is currently conducted and directed
by Alma Fernando-Taldo.
The choir participated in the National Music
Competitions for Young Artists in 2001 and
became the National Champion in the category
of Children's Choirs.
Furthermore, in 2003, the choir won gold medals
in both the Youth Category and Grand Prize
at the 6th International Folksongs Festival
"Europe and its Songs" held in Barcelona,
Spain.
Number 1.
Hail Mary, The Queen Children’s Choir
For the top 1. we have.
Hail Mary the Queen Children’s Choir which
started in 2001.
Ulan and Dinna Sarmiento are the founders
and the choir started primarily as a parish
choir at the Immaculate Conception Cathedral
in Quezon City.
Under the tutelage of Prof. Ma.
Theresa Vizconde-Roldan and Music Director,
Jude Roldan, the choir has evolved into a
world class concert chorale and begun to extend
its wings in international choral scene in
2004.
The choir became the first Filipino Champion
at the Bremen Choir Olympic in Germany in
2004.
They also became the First Children’s Choir
of the World at the 67th Llangollen International
Musical Eisteddfod in North Wales, United
Kingdom in 2013.
In 
January 2015, the choir sang for Pope Francis
during his encounter with the youth and recorded
together with Ms. Jamie Rivera, “We are
All God’s Children”, the official theme
song for the Papal Visit.
