I don't wanna offend all filipinos and diss my country, The Philippines.. BUT
we(filipinos) know how judgemental filipinos can be!
J: yeah
and that's super freaking trueee, DON'T LIE!
all filipinos have someone in their family, an uncle or an aunt who's super judgemental
everyone has that uncle/aunt
J: yeah, like
J: like someone who smiles at you when you're with them but the moment you're not with them they talk behind your back.
yeah there are people like that, but there are also people who doesn't have a "filter" when they talk
J: what's "filtro"?
what? "FILTER" lol
J: no filter!
N: yeah with no filter
what I mean by saying "no filter" is
J: someone with no filter is a person who doesn't think before talking, they just open their mouth and talk
they just directly say what's on their mind(which in a way is a positive thing because they're honest, but sometimes TOO honest their words can hurt people)
because.......uhmm.. I don't wanna say that this is normal in the philippines or it's normal for filipinos but...
but
when there are family gatherings I always see and hear someone(an aunt or uncle) saying rude stuff
for example you have an aunt who didn't see you for, let's say 3 or 4 months, then the moment they finally see you she says
"WOW YOU'RE SO FAT NOW!"
and stuff like that
isn't it "normal" between filipinos saying stuff like that?
but if you try saying something like that here in italy, try saying it to an italian, I dare you!..
try telling someone he/she's fat!
it's a  NO NO
first of all it's super offensive
how do you say "rude" in filipino?
anyway, saying stuff like that to people it's fcking rude
J: yeah it's a "normal" thing between filipinos
yeah I know
it's so weird to say "it's normal" but that's the truth..it's so typical of filipinos saying stuff like that to people
my mom is like that!! everytime she sees me she's like
YOU'RE SO BIG!!!(meaning he's fat)
(THANK YOU for your kind words mother)
yeah they say stuff like "you're so fat now what happened to you"
or for example, this is what I experienced during my teenage years...
when I was a teenager
I used to have a loooooooooooooot of pimples.. A LOT.
My acne was so severe
I was so ashamed of my face I didn't want to go out because I didn't want people to see my face
but sometimes my mom used to force me to go out with her
usually during sundays there were always birthday parties and stuff like that (family gatherings)
so she would force me to go with her to these events and then
there was always an uncle or an aunt who, whenever they would see me, they would say stuff to me like
WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED TO YOUR FACE???!
just like that, in front of everybody
WOW THANK YOU! lol
obviously when you're a teenager you're super sensitive,right?
especially when it comes to your looks
also, I was already SUPER INSECURE about my face because of my acne and stuff
but they ALWAYS had to scream stuff like that to my face in front of my family like it's a normal thing to do
like "WHAT THE HELL HAPPEND TO YOUR FACE, WHY IS IT LIKE THAT?" etc
and then, That's when EVERYONE becomes a "DOCTOR"..they're ALL like
"this is how you get rid of acne, you should do that and do this, you should use this Papaya soap, you should drink more water" ETC
everyone in the room becomes a freaking doctor telling you what you should and souldn't be doing..so annoying
that's one of the main reasons why I grew up like this
with zero confidence in myself
because of their words I grew up with low self-esteem
YOU'RE ALWAYS SO LOUD, how can you be a person with low confidence??
I KNOW! but now it's different, now I'm learning to love myself more so I'm more comfortable in my body, in myself, more than I was before
but before..
J: because of my help?
yeah because of you, but I'm not saying that HE GAVE ME the confidence I didn't have.. it's like
he always says to me stuff like
"you're a person, you're beautiful"
"you don't have...."
"you have no reasons to be shy and have no confidence" stuff like that
so thanks to him, always reminding me I'm beautiful and not to be afraid ofbeing myself, I realized he was right..so now I'm more comfortable in my own skin
I'm still not at that level of confidence I want to reach
but I'm working on it and I'm surely getting there..
so
I'm not there yet but I'm already happy being this comfortable in my own skin
obviously I still have things I don't like about my body
for example, I still have acne scars, alot of scars, and pimple holes
I have a lot of pimple holes
so
I still "don't like" my face (because of my skin) but what can I do, this is my face..I have to accept that
J: I like you face
I know .. lol
but yeah that's what I meant
filipinos(not everyone) are very judgemental people
that's why sometimes
since we're not the kind of people who follow traditions (for example elders say at this age we have to be married with a baby already and stuff like that)
sometimes I feel like they're judging us(for not following traditions or for not doing what everyone's doing at our age)
even though they're not saying it to my face I know they're judging us
J:who cares about what they think?
I know!! but sometimes I really feel they're judging us for the way we choose to live or for our decisions making
I feel like they're silently(elders and people around us) judging us for what we're doing iun our life for how we're living our life..like they're thinking the way we live is wrong..
even though for us
is fcking OK!
also, we're very happy we what we're doing in our life and we're really happy about every single decisions we make..
I really feel we're being judge but..at the end of the day WHO CARES right?
J: for me
J: I don't really care if they judge us..
J: you can judge us all you want, it's ok.. because..
J: when we come back home
J: who am I with?.. HER, just HER..
who she's with? just ME.
we don't care about you..in my mind I think
why sould I listen to what other people are saying about us if they're not people I'm spending time with everyday?
they're people I don't see everyday of my life
that's why I always think
why tf should we listen to what people have to say about us?
they're not going to feed me
they're not going to pay our rent..they're not going to pay all our bills
I'M going to pay for all of that..WE are going to take care of our stuff..
so why should I care about them?
that's our philosophy..is it called philosophy?
we don't care about what people say we should or we shouldn't do in our life.. we live life on our own terms and pace.
YUP.
