All this excursion to Mount Pinatubo
 is just really not working out
The Tourism Office in Capas for other things to do
because they din’t allow us to go to Mount Pinatubo
If you title yourself as a guide, you should have 
bare minimum information about the trek, the surroundings
So after 200 meters the car stopped
Now honestly I regret that we didn’t take the 2am tour
 from Manila and just come with the group and that’s it
Hi we are Andreea and George
a travel couple from Romania
And in this series we are exploring the Philippines
for a few months for the second time
In this episode we are going on a hike to Mount Pinatubo
a volcano in Western Luzon, the largest island of the Philippines
The starting point of the trip is about 3 hours away from Manila
but we will explain in the video exactly how to get there
The day trek is done in 2 parts – in the first part 
you’ll be riding a Jeep in the riverbed that leeds up to the volcano
Dependant on the water flow, the jeep will drop you off as close as possible
and then you will start walking towards the volcano
It took us about 2 hours to get there.
So 6:20 we are leaving the Tourism Office
Yeah
And there we go
So after 200 meters the car stopped
Updates updates
We are still waiting for the other car this car is broken
We are back at the Tourism Office
And we have Carabao
7:20 and we got another car
We are on our 4x4 ride
It’s really beautiful here
We’ve seen so many buffalos and carabao
And a few of the native kids from the tribe
I think AETA they’re called
And now at this point we cannot see Mount Pinatubo
Just a bit of its peak
We just hope it’s not going to be completely covered in clouds
Cause now it’s a bit cloudy behind there
But hopefully at the crater lake it’s not like that
It’s crazy to think that all of this here, all the riverbed 
it’s just ash from Pinatubo’s eruption in ‘91
You like it?
Yes
This is nice
I’m so happy we came
It’s quite an adventure
So it’s 8:35
We arrived at the parking lot
There are like 20 cars
So it’s a busy Saturday
And we started our hike
So we are still walking in the riverbed
I think we will be walking for a while
But this part the jeeps cannot come up anymore
But still I think we reached the maximum point that they can come up to
When the river is wider, I mean the water flow is bigger
They cannot even come that high
I think in the rainy season the hike is from the other side
No no No
From Porac it’s the 2 day hikes
So you spend 1 night camping
Yeah
One day we are going to do that
So he’s our hiking guide
Which we  basically thought will there us more
But he’s just a shadow
About that fauna, about whatever
You know the history of the volcano and it’s erruptions
Where are you?
But he is just walking in front
He’s doing more of a path opener
Yeah actually it’s just the agency 
that calculated him inside the price
But I don’t think it’s mandatory to have a guide
But we don’t mind having a guide
You know cause you help out the local tourism and local professionals
But if you entitle yourself as a guide
you should have bare minimum information about the trek, the surroundings
That’s a bit disappointing
Then he just walks in front 
and makes you feel that you’re wasting his time standing behind
So we are 1 kilometer already walking into the riverbed
And there’s a motorcycle coming
And I have no udea from where
I think it’s the native tribe
Thank you, salamat!
It’s very very hot
So sweaty
Bring a towel if you’re coming here to wipe your face
We didn’t and now we’re sorry
Are you sorry?
Yes
Very sorry?
I am very sorry haha
Carabao, bao bao
Carabao! Look at the small one sleeping there
Hello pare!
This is looking like carved peak path
I think they put some cement on top
And they just made the stairs
Here we are at the resting point
It’s 1 jour and 20 minutes so far from our hike
There are some huts here I think there are restrooms as well
So probably from here we are going to start the hardest part of the hike
So we are going to climb in altitude a little bit more
Yes so we’re going, you can see the guy, our guide there
I’m not sure if this way, you can see some marking over there
Somewhere over there it's going to start
Almost there!
If you’re a youngster you are going to climb it it 15 minutes
Where are we?
Senior
No we’re not senior!
At the base of the crater lake there is a camping spot
 which you need to reserve in advance if you want to spend the night here
Pretty sure you need to bring your own tent though
You can also buy cold drinks and fresh buko from the locals here,
who, by the way, carry up their merch herevevery single day
So we finally made it to Mount Pinatubo in Luzon
Just 90 kilometers North of Manila
And it’s actually a dormant volcano
Which erupted the last time 31 years ago in 1991
After it had no activity for 600 years
But the eruption was one of the worst in the 20th century
It left 100.000 people homeless
And around 3000 have died
It is said that when the volcano erupted the ash went about 40 kilometers high
And it covered an area of over 50 kilometers
Actually, in the village of Porac, where the native AETA tribe lives
All their way of living got destroyed by the ashes of the volcano
And now they are slowly rebuilding and replanting trees
But they had to move away from here
As you’ve seen when we came this way
Some of them live on the other side of the mountain towards Tarlac
And now with the tourism activity they are helping them to rebuild their way of living
So all of it around it’s actually Mount Pinatubo
Cause I asked which one is it?
And they said all of it
And I was like yeah, but which is the highest peak?
So the highest one is that one behind me, rising just above 1400m
It used to be 1460m but after the the volcano errupted
so now it could be a little bit less
In the water you cannot swim
It’s 27 degrees (Celsius)
But on the other end we’ve been told that it is thermal water
So it goes up to 80C, even 100 degrees Celsius
So that’s why the steam is there
Before some people were allowed to swim here
But very uncleverly people coming from the hike
With the heat up body went inside the water straight
So obviously got cramps and eventually some died
This happens in other places too
That’s most of the mountain lakes are forbidden for swimming
The liferaft was actually the scientists
 who monitor the activity of this amazing volcano
We had a nice chat with them, they are very lovely people!
So now that we made it here we want to share with you out thoughts
 about coming and climbing Mount Pinatubo.
Yes. It’s definitely worth coming,
 Now that we are here, we ‘ve seen it and everything passed
yes it’s definitely worth it.
Just prepare really well. 
Our advise would be to come with a tour from Manila
We tried to make a DO IT YOURSELF
Not because of the money, but we wanted the freedom
and obviously because we are working this time, while we are here,
Yeah, leaving 2AM from Manila was not a good option for us. 
But , yes even DIY sometimes…
we got the driver cancelling on us one hour before the flight, the  ride I mean
one hour before coming, at 3AM he cancelled it for 4AM.
Yes we came to TARLAC because we did not find too many
 information about what is the best spot to live for this hike. 
Yes I think  I got a bit confused with the Tourism Office, 
I didn’t really understand that the starting  point is in Capas Santa Juliana Tourism office
or you are going to find it on Google as Capas Satellite Tourism Office.
And all the information on the internet mentioned
that the tours used to  leave up to 10AM , but now is just up to 8 AM.
So what happened we came here yesterday, 
went there to the Tourism Office, yesterday morning at 8AM
8AM, and they told us:
No, you have to be here 6 AM tops
And you need to prebook, actually.
Yes and actually it took us up to 1 hour scooter drive from Tarlac to Capas
and ONE HOUR BACK 😊
as we will show you some footages from yesterday.
But we made it!
Yes , yes we made it.
Yes our suggestion is to come with a tour, 
because DYI is…
Unless you sleep on the few homestays in Capas, it’s not worth it.
We had a very hard time to find a taxi this morning 
or a driver to bring us from Tarlac to Capas.
The one we had cancel on us just at the time he was meant to arrive
We found someone else and now…yes it was more expensive a bit.
So yeah, summarize it
definitely come here, make the effort if you are around Manila
DO the tour
DYI just if you have a car rented
yes, probably yes, but if you don't have a car, just book the tour
We hope you enjoyed this video!
We hope we convinced you to visit Mount Pinatubo!
It's very, very beautiful!
Go to the mountains first, and then to the beach! 
We had to quickly pack up our stuff
 and start the descent towards the jeeps
Because clouds were quickly coming in and it was clear there will be rain
Usually every day after midday it rains around Mount Pinatubo
Just look at this sky!
This trail is so lovely even in. the rain
really enjoyed it
crossing the river out foot is soaked
the raincoat is almost dry but the rain is coming again
This canyon is stunning!
Did you like it?
Yes, perfect!
What we didn’t know was that we were in for a very big surprise
So after another taxi driver cancelled on us,
the one we booked to pick us up never showed up
Then we booked another one and on the way here he asked for more money,
and now even the third one we booked is asking for more money.
So basically what is happening is that they are talking between themselves,
 as we are booking them through Facebook,
and because they know you are in a remote village, they just take advantage
And it’s really sad that the Philippines reopened and this is the treatment you get
I mean instead of scaring the tourists away by getting and extra 200 pesos now,
It’s better to offer a good service and get recommendations
That’s how we feel
And now we stopped at this Local  Carenderia
Thank You mam! Thank you.
And we are going to eat chicken ADOBO, it looks really good.
So we have a driver or we don’t have a driver?
Mipi?
No..No driver...
Eventually, as it got late
We gave in and paid the higher price for the car
so we can get to Angeles City
From where we were so ready to head out onto our next adventure in the morning!
