Hi, this is Kelly!
Welcome to my channel.
So today, I'll be watching the Paubaya MV behind the scenes,
the story of Paubaya by Moira Dela Torre.
Actually, I've really been waiting to watch this video because
after reacting to the music video itself,
I really wanted to know the behind stories,
like how they're casted, how this song was written, and all.
And I really hope this (video) will answer.
So without further ado, let's get started!!
She's so pretty, to be honest.
This is like Hollywood.
How can they be this close after breaking up?
How can they be this close after breaking up?!?!
Oh.. Patawad is the second album.
She said listening to the chord pattern,
she was able to make the rhythm right away.
I think she's a genius.
So this is what I said, Filipino songs are very poetic.
Moira also said, Jason wrote a poem and gave it to her.
See? This is very poetic (really a poem hehe)!
Oh my gosh! That 15 fans are so lucky.
About the Music Video! Okay okay!
WHAT?!!?!???!
OMG... Parting vows..
True..
True, true!
What if we were better..
 
I think many people actually related to this song better (because)
like what Moira said, in a relationship after parting away,
what you regret the most are, "I could have been better,"
"I could have done this for him/ her,"
and "What if I gave more love?"
or "What if we've communicated more?"
The 'could have beens.'
There is always a consequence or
there is always afters from a certain action.
She said she wanted to make everything happy scenes.
(I first thought) How could parting be happy?
It may hurt (be tough) at that time but then (you know)
not having a proper closure hurts more later on.
That you're not able to talk about how you're ending the relationship.
It's not like you keep fighting and just say, "Let's break up, we are gone."
Rather than that,
If you are able to say, sorry..
Or if you're able to say, thank you for 
what he/she has done for you..
That is really a happy ending.
It's not the happy ending like happily ever after
you still get to say something for that person.
That makes sense that it's a happy ending.
It was very realistic.
Yes..
Yes! Joshua and Julia!!
UHM....
I wonder if the casting was solely because they're their biggest fans.
Or perhaps like the parting vows,
maybe she wanted to give them a place/
opportunity to have a proper closure.
This is my personal thought only.
I agree!
What is it was some other people?
I think she's right.
When this video started, I questioned,
"How can they be so close after breaking up?"
And like what she said, 
she saw the freedom in them (being) on set.
Maybe this was the for them to move on properly.
There are so many Filipino celebrities and Filipino love teams
but Paubaya was best because it was Julia and Joshua.
They are professional
because they said yes to shoot this.
Actually, they're really so cute together.
AWWW (This is heartbreaking)
Respect is very important in working.
You really can see the teamwork of the whole team.
It was perfect. The song.
I honestly downloaded this song
after reacting (MV) without hesitation.
A leader must listen.
Oh this is amazing!
They're such blessings to each other.
Laughing and crying (on the set).
I really can sense the happiness and the satisfaction in them.
It's amazing.
This is really important actually
that you keep learning from each other.
I think this music video was delivered
better to the audiences because
there was that teamwork.
According to Moira, actor, actress, director, the songwriter,
producer (everyone) participated in script writing.
So they continuously communicate and update each other.
And that makes it very effective for them to work.
There is a mutual understanding of what's going on.
Really, if you want to move on,
you have to forgive and you have to be ready to love again
before you enter the next relationship.
Valentine's Day!
You have to set free.
You must not restrict anyone
or bound someone when you're in a relationship.
You can't just hold on to it. 
Sometimes you have to let it go.
You know, this is really heart-warming.
This is a perfect idea.
New start.
The new has come.
Forgiveness is about asking forgiveness,
but also giving forgiveness.
It's so beautiful.
Even her explanations are so poetic.
It's very expressive.
No one knows what's to come.
This is so heart-warming.
Right, very agree!
This is so sweet.
"You're still worth that." _ Moira
Thank you so much for writing and releasing Paubaya.
Thank you!
Thank you so much.
Paubaya was Paubaya because
these people joined in creating this.
I think if it wasn't any of them,
probably Paubaya wouldn't be this Paubaya.
That's how I feel.
The message, heart, mind and the inspiration,
everything in Paubaya is beautiful.
You can really sense that the actors were really
enjoying filming this one (MV).
Ah! The dog is so cute!!
Yes!!! Vloggers HAHAH
Don't forget to (like and subscribe)!
Wow guys... I guess no one would hold up the cry/ tear
watch the music video/ watching this behind the scenes.
It was so beautiful.
I got to learn so much from Moira, herself.
When she's explaining all this behind the stories
or like the behind the works on how this song and MV was made
(I felt like) it's a lesson you can't learn somewhere else.
I'm sure this has really touched many people's hearts.
Like what Moira said that Feb. 14 is a day of love.
But then it's about letting go of love as well.
Love isn't always so beautiful.
There are so many things you have to learn
and love is a process of growing.
So that's it
For my reaction to the behind the story of Paubaya.
Thank you so much once again Moira and her team
for releasing this song.
And I hope you've enjoyed.
Don't forget to like and subscribe ❤
Hit up the notification button 🔔
Stay tuned for my upcoming videos as well~
Stay safe everyone!
Bye~
