Hey guys welcome back to my channel if you're new to my channel, hi
It's me zeus and don't forget to subscribe and click that notification bell down below you can get notified every time I upload
For today's video this way. We are here outside because really going to go and try this here
it's a suggestion from verbal and thank you so much for suggesting it if you have much more suggestion or
Challenges that you want me to do just comment down below and I will try to do it for you without further ado
Let's start the video. We are going to go and try these
Original worn Snacks awesome here, just bring close to you
and
The Flavor is Mexican spice. Oh my gosh. Wish me luck guys because I'll just do it for you
Mexican Spice warm let's give it a try. I will stand up so at least you can cater
So this is it
the warm
One oh my God one two three go
Well, it's not bad
It's actually good. It tastes like peanut to be honest. I will try it one more time. You can see here
well, it's not bad, so I will rate this Mexican spice a 5 out of 5
It's actually good ok so let's try the next flavor
Ok so the next one I have a warm Snacks barbecue flavor
I'm going to be here
okay, so ridging are warm Snacks Barbeque flavor on this bolt in it and
Let's give it a try. So here it is
Okay, let's give you a char one two three
go
mmm
Blow this actually good, too
But it tastes like chocolate ready
Now hold it one more
Jeez
Okay, that's good. I
Will rate this barbecue flavor?
For okay, so I'm kinda excited for the next one so the next one is going to be
crickets
Okay, so to start the first cricket and it's going to be
Sour cream onion, and it's Gonna be this
Yes, it's a real cricket guy
So I'm doing my best for all of you
Okay, so sour cream and onion cricket oh
My God, it's kind of disgusting alright. Let's give it a try and this is going to be it guys
Cricket let's give it a try
oh
Oh my gosh the taste walk
No, no
Hello, it's not the head you
Know it's not bad, but it's just like weird because you know you can see it's really um. It's a real cricket, so I
Will write this one probably four isn't that bad?
Just weird, okay
And let's try the other flavor. What's next is on bacon and cheese cricket
So it's going to be like this one here
Okay, let's open it. Oh
My gosh, it's even much more like gross hmM. All right. Let's see here
Okay, okay, so bacon and cheese cricket. Just give you a char. Oh my gosh one two three go. Oh
mmm
It's not bad, but doesn't taste like bacon and cheese
This just like gross
Okay
No, never I guess well
Okay, so I guess I would rate this one as three get you started tasting it
Now it's disgusting. Oh okay, so for the last one we will try the salt and vinegar cricket
I'm going to take this
Okay, so salt and vinegar cricket. Let's give it a try. Let's open it
Yeah, so dork
Come on
looks like
Okay, okay. I'm going to be this here
Or one two three here one two three go
Hmm. Oh wow oh
the object is
Now this one actually act like it. I do you like it. It's tasty but
the Program I
Will read just want to supply. I think it's the best one actually
All right guys. That's me trying insects
Thank you for watching the whole video if you like this video
don't forget to click like and also comment down below if you have much more suggestion or
Challenges that you wanted to do and also subscribe to my channel because I upload every Monday and see you in my next video
bye guys pizza
