good morning guys from Cebu in the 
Philippines. finally we made it here
We have started our journey in Cebu and today  is our first day in the Philippines. 
 right now we are in our hotel
we are staying in Bai Hotel Cebu  I don't think it's far from the city centre
Our room is  spacious and I like it and
morning we had a really great breakfast
it was a buffet, really huge with a  variety of options
everywhere I see hot chocolate but here
was just saw  ice chocolate which was good
today we are going to check the Cebu
downtown and I'm going to bring you with me
I don't have any expectation and actually I tried to avoid reading or checking photos
I want to be surprised and yeah why not let's go
We are in Colon Street, the main street in Cebu
I don't know you hear or not it is quite noisy because this is the busiest part of the city
I don't know where exactly
our taxi driver dropped us
we had to walked through some markets 
, which were  interesting because it
was a lunchtime and we could see people
sitting next to the shops and stalls
they were eating all in the streets 
This is something you usually see in the southeast of Asia
So far we found out people here are so friendly here
when we were passing by they were
smiling at us or even  they say hello
also, two girls they called me and they said hello beautiful. is it normal?
I think it is normal, what do you think?
You know it's the first day  in the Philippines but so far it's good
we are trying to find some attractions to visit and it is really hot
we left London when it was 8 degrees 
and now here is 32 degrees
After walking around the city, we found our way. 
Right now we are in one of the attractions in Cebu
Here is Basilica del Santo Niño
and we are going to go inside the church
They are practicing for their school 
We had a chat with them
Then they just performed for me.
That was nice
It's really hot, actually I don't know
if you can see or not I'm sweating, even
my eyes are sweating everywhere
I'm completely  wet and sticky
I think I just need just a swimming pool
I think jumping into the water should be great. we are just going to check the port
and After that we are heading back to our hotel to swim
We just checked out the port actually
It was not really interesting for
filming it was just a port to take a ferry
where you should buy tickets to go to the other islands
Island and that's why we just left the
port and we are going to a mall
There are a lot of malls in Cebu, so if you are in Cebu,
You should check out one of them. The malls are so huge,
we checked out one of them last night  and now we are going to another one
Here they take the security very serious
each mall you enter the check your bags
and you should pass through the security gate.
Even to enter our we go trough the security check,
Apparently, security is a big issue in the Philippines
last night we slept in the swimming pool.  
Actually, I was kidding.
when we came back to our hotel we went for a night swim and had a great
we didn't film because it was so dark.
It is early in the morning and we came to the swimming pool to take some photos
for Instagram if you haven't check my Instagram, please go and check
Here you see my Instagram handle. I have  nice photos
Yesterday we searched to find tours but we found out we can go by ourselves.
Cebu city looks like many of the southeast Asian cities, crowded, and has a lot of traffics.
but Some parts of the cities are nice. we visited some historic attractions.
so far we found that the Filipino 
are so friendly. if you are in the Philippines,  try to interact with people
they are really friendly and they
talk to you and they are willing to talk and help you
It is just fun to talk to them
Same as always thanks for watching and don't forget to subscribe
