Have a bite
Hello guys! how are you?!
We're back here at Hanin Town Restaurant
I always comeback here because it's good in here
- Your spirit is kinda' down today
Maybe I still have hang-over
Why are we here again?
- Why
To drink
Why are you running?
You guys always calling me to have a meal but ending up drinking
- Alcohol is the meal for us
If there's good pulutan, it will make us crave for alcohol
So what are we gonna' eat for today?
- Our favorite, "Sisig"
Sisig is my favorite Filipino food
- I know if you drink while eating sisig, you can chug 3 bottles of soju
Are you holding me for you to prevent me from running away?
Next time, we need to put some fences to avoid running away
What's with facial expression?
- Why? I'm very happy
Before I tried to cook sisig, then I used pork belly but which in original sisig was pork ears and cheeks
 In Pampanga, there is a famous sisig restaurant
- I've heard it, let's try eating there next time
If you try the original sisig, you can smell the pork's scent
When I cooked sisig, I'm worried about the smell so I used pork belly
Let's eat, your friends (Flies) are coming here
Wait...
Why you only use force to open it?
- You need to snap it
If you fill the mug with beer like this in my hometown, you will be slap by the people there
This is very disrespectful to alcoholic people
- Who's alcoholic?
You guys...
I hit front tooth with the mug
Only the bubbles came inside my mouth
It's  time to try the sisig
How about calamansi?
Later
It needs to be sprinkle
When we go to restaurant, we use to ask them to put a egg on top of the sisig
When the plate is sizzling, just put the egg there... it's so good
Did you put soju on my glass?
Why am I getting drunk so easily?
- Don't overreact
Some Koreans they mix beer with soju
I thought it's a ladybug
Are you a kid?
It's been a long time we film a video outdoors
- Nope
Last week we filmed it outside
Are you drunk already?
I like to film outdoors than in the studio
And I can drink
- And you can see beautiful girls
Did you see the girl with on a bikini?
Do you know the satisfaction rate of food tour is based by different places
Pampanga has the highest ratings
- Michelin?
No, just based on people from different places
Other places are about on 80% satisfaction rating while Pampanga is over 90%
So dishes here in Pampanga are the best in the Philippines
That's why it has a corporation called Pampanga's best
They're playing music
I requested it
I want to eat this with some good vibes
- Are you a beginner Vlogger? (They're talking about copyright issues)
Okay, I will stop the music
Okay, I already stopped the music
- Please be cautious about the copyrighted music
Okay, I will think twice next time
You need to learn it step by step
Let's try the side dish too
It's fish ball
(Fly is on the fishball)
Fly is...
Let's try it
Do not invite your friend
- How'd that happened to us?
They also knew that this is tasty
How dare this fly...
Fly made a laughing point on this video
It tastes good, now I understand why'd the fly is on the fishball
Actually, it's my pet
Did you invite it?
- Yes, it's my pet... name's Johnson
It already go back home
I'm so full
- I really was laughing so hard
This is in Hanin Town Village, which has Hotel and pool villas
- And flies
We need to come back here to play inside the villas next time
They have some restaurant with a good vibe and nice looking swimming pools
And go to the villas
- Play with flies
Play some games
- And drink soju with flies
What kind of game?
- Playing cards
I will take all of your money if that's the case
- I will call the cops
We're done for today's video and don't forget to hit!
