I have been so curious about Mongolian pop 
music for a while now. Finally somebody  
actually recommended something and he 
said that this one, he feels... uh he  
doesn't want his name to be mentioned 
but he feels this is going to fit me,  
something that I will like and also it has 
English subtitles. Okay so to that guy,  
thank you for recommending this 
let's get to it [MadSoulAsylum.com]  
So, the title of this song is of Ayanda and this 
one this is performed by the Wasabies and Vendebo.  
Ayanda means naturally, he said it's an 
expression that means "of course" [Music]  
And he said that The Wasabies is actually a  
girl group from Mongolia. He said 
that they're the most popular one
okay
Um first before we get to them, I I 
definitely love the beat. I love the melody,  
I love their flow I'm assuming 
that both of them are rappers.  
And I love the poetry. I have always been partial 
to songs that actually has poetry not just  
um... poetry with substance. So, not just form 
but also substance. So it's not just the form but  
also the substance. And this seems to actually fit 
the bill. Let's get to the beginning. I love how,  
oh it is the most replayed part, like 
the opening, just right off the bat,  
it kind of makes me want to bob my head. 
Love it. Okay, it's just there's a certain  
smoothness in his flow. Because it 
doesn't feel like he's forcing himself to  
rap. Well, rap is spoken words with poetry. Sorry 
for spoken poetry over a rhythm, that's what rap  
is. But he doesn't seem like he's forcing himself 
to have like a signature flow or a specific flow,  
it feels like he's more it it feels like he's 
just talking. So that's something. I love the beat
oh "you've got 100..." I love that this part
This one - "traveling through time 
not now you've got a hundred more"
and I can so clearly hear the rhymes
I have absolutely no idea who these 
guys are but my God it's so catchy
[Music] [repeating the lyrics] I 
know I will lose for everything
[Music]  
okay I love the how starkingly different the 
Melodies are between the the first part, the boys,  
and then their part, the girls. I know it's rap 
and then this one is singing but in terms of the  
tempo, the first one seems like if you listen 
to what they're saying it feels like they're,
um rapid fire thinking, like they're 
in that stage where there's so many  
thoughts coming into their head um. And 
even the lyricism if you look at it,  
because a lot of the times when you're so filled 
with emotions and you have so many things to say,  
you kind of have to use metaphors and stuff, 
because that somehow, you know painting a  
picture seems to capture a bit more of your 
emotion than just trying to express it in  
words. So that's what the boys were doing in the 
beginning. And then they went into that bridge or  
that verse where, it's sort of a little slower but 
it feels like uh, it's a good connection between  
the first part and this part. And then you come 
in here and it's very chill very relaxed and very  
um slow. And everything that they're they are 
seeing (meaning their thoughts) so far is very  
clear. there's not a lot of metaphors. They're 
just saying it clearly. While the other one,  
the boys were so filled with visualization and 
metaphors. Theirs (girls' part) is so direct.  
Come to think about it, it's the girls 
that are being directed not the boys.  
So I love it. Okay, I'll repeat 
that part of the girls [Music]
Ah so the guy is cheating
And then this is even slower
Which is usually the reverse of what we would 
expect of of songs. Because usually they start  
out slow and then they go fast. They reversed it. 
So, the first one was like rapid fire thinking - a  
lot of thoughts, a lot of pictures, a lot 
of metaphors - and then they're slowing down
[music]
okay Dracula okay
So it seems that it seems that 
they're in that part where they  
are surrendering. So they're 
they're in the acceptance stage,  
in the five stages of grief, they're in 
the in the acceptance stage. So they,  
kind of, already know that they will lose the 
other person. And they're kind of just saying  
it "oh there's a lot of guys that can... I 
will lose you but everything will be okay".
[music]
[music]
It's just funny... I've read it so many times that 
when girls um get their broken heart... get their  
hearts broken then they actually cut their hair. 
[Laughter] It feels like you're out of control,  
that's what the psychologist told me, like 
because it feels like you're out of control of the  
situation, especially if you're the person who was 
left behind. So if it was the guy that broke up  
with you. But you're hair, you're in full control 
of that. So that's what you end up controlling,  
your hair. And then the other thing, that it's 
kind of symbolic of a new beginning because the  
hair is a huge part of the a girl's personality. 
That's how the psychologist explained to me. Okay!
[Music] Okay, first even his flow is slower 
than the original flow. In the beginning,  
the first part of the song... so here, he is... 
he's rapping slower, the flow is slower. But um  
he's also a bit more concrete in what he's saying 
(his words) so it seems that the guy is saying  
that "I don't understand you, your priorities are 
all over the place. I don't understand you." Um so  
yeah, from metaphors to something 
direct, from fast to slow.
Okay, just wanted to say something about the beat.
I love that (sound) I don't know what that is. 
That sound has been there all the time, like that  
reverberates. The instrument that reverberates. 
It could be a piano, it could be an organ,  
um but it lingers. It's kind of, it feels... it's 
very consistent with what they're singing about  
because that love still lingers even though you 
know it's over. It kind of lingers, like the way  
that you care for a person it's gonna linger for 
quite some time. So that's... that's a nice touch.  
I love how it's basically the percussion 
that's carrying the beat throughout...  
all throughout the song. So, it's yeah, 
so that it seems that the percussion is  
the center and then everything... and then 
everything else, they're adding is just to  
mark the different... the different parts of 
the song but all throughout it's actually the  
percussion that's carrying the song and then 
the [music] bed is that, like I don't know  
what (instrument) that is but it lingers, kinda of 
or it could be a traditional instrument. Okay...
[Music]  
So apparently this girlgroup is the most 
popular group right now in Mongolia but  
it was formed by like a business or something or 
a (non-music) company, it's kind of weird for me
Okay
[repeating the lyrics] now you made 
a mistake but you're not a mistake
Okay, uh, I love... I love that it's a breakup 
song but it but it doesn't sound broken.  
So I love how they were able to 
create, um, something very simple.
Actually something that, kind of, 
the music kind of makes you feel good.  
I was bobbing my head. It was a very catchy 
beat. So, it doesn't make you feel sad even  
though the song is actually a sad song uh 
because it's  this is it's them talking about... 
both parties actually 
know that it's over but one party is saying  
um the girl is saying that you know I know this is 
the end of it, but everything is going to be okay  
okay I'm going to lose you but everything's going 
to be okay. And then the guy is saying that   
it was a mistake but you're not a mistake. You made a mistake but you're not a mistake. I love that.
I love that they were able to create a 
a song about Broken Hearts uh yeah about being  
broken but it... but it doesn't sound broken. I love 
how they usually reverse... no not that (saying she phrased it wrong)  
I love how they reversed what you would actually expect of a song. Because usually you'd start out  
slow, and then, you know like a movie structure, right? It's slow in the beginning and then as it goes,
the story progresses, then everything actually 
goes faster. But this one, it was the opposite.   
It was like a lot of thoughts coming in. They poured out a lot in the beginning. And then... and then... and then it goes  
slower and slower and slower until the narrative 
actually becomes very clear to you. Because in the  
beginning, there were a lot of metaphors. So you  are trying to figure out what it (the story) is...  
what the song is about and then as the song progresses it becomes slower. The story also  
become clearer. I think 
just the sheer voices, the beauty of the  
voices of these people coming together in one 
song is just beautiful. I wish there's like... um
um... I know that there was that part in the end 
where both parties were actually talking
um so I I love that part. But I kind of feel 
I wanted more. It's not because I don't think  
there's something wrong with the song. It's just 
that it's so beautiful that I kind of want to  
hear more of them. Um so I would want more 
"conversation"  between the  
girl and and the boy. I think that would have 
satisfied me even more, not that I'm not satisfied  
um I love the beat, definitely. Yeah, so I 
think I also love that they they simplified,  
the music video, I think... I don't know 
the singers, I don't know how popular they are  
but as I've said the sender actually told me 
that the the girl group is actually the most  
popular girl group in Mongolia right now.  
And they were formed by like a business or a  
company or something like that. I feel like 
that's (the simple music video) enough. I don't need complicated. I don't  
need a complicated music video. This is enough 
because the story, actually the narrative, the  
message of the song is actually full. There's 
a lot to unpack. And so all of these things  
um the simplicity of the background, that's enough for me. I don't know though, maybe if I watch it  
again I'll come to understand that part where the 
four girls were actually standing around and there  
were some objects around them. I don't know if 
it adds to the Narrative of the video or if it  
was just something that represents the four girls or something like that. Um I definitely love the  
styling. I love this simple Glam of the girls 
and a very dressed down version for the boys  
So I think this, the music video in itself, 
even though it's just a performance video I think  
it's perfect because it's really
banking on the song more than anything else.  
Okay, I will actually be checking out the Vandebo first and then the Wasabies because I  
really love the rap part. I really love 
the flow and the melody and the tempo  
But yeah, but I also, I'm impressed with 
with the Wasabies, I mean the voices of the  
girls, oh my God. So, I'll definitely check them 
out but I'll I'll check out Vandebo first.  
Okay but if you have any more recommendations please leave them in the comment section below.  
You can also get in touch with me in any 
of the social media links that you see on  
your screen right now. And don't forget to like, 
subscribe and hit that notification button and,  
of course, share the video if you can. Thank you 
so much. I appreciate you and until next time. Bye.
