Hello Byaheros(Travelers), In this video I cycled again to T청bingen coming from Stuttgart City Center. 
My route this time was from Stuggart to Esslingen, and then Plochingen to T청bingen via Neckar.
I turned off my Strava when I was on my way back and stop is Esslingen.
Recorded Officially by strava is approximately 125KM.
But in reality it's about 145KM for the entire day!
My companion in this ride was a semi-pro MTB rider but now trying road bikes. We just actually met her in the way from one of our travels.
She is using Tarmac Sl6 or 7 from what i can remember.
One of my cycling buddies  also joined this ride.
Sorry guys, GPX(S) is not sync properly. It's really quite hard to sync them. If you know an easier way.
Please comment down below :) . Thank you in advance.
By the way guys, I'm creating a raffle draw for the people who are in my first 1,000 subscribers.
KPLUS Vita helmet is at stake. Winner will be able to choose his own size and color.
This will be shipping-free so what are you waiting for, please subscribe while it is still less than 1,000 subscribers for a chance to win.
Whoah! I think the gradient of this slope is going until 9 degrees.
Check her guys, this was like nothing for her :P.
If you are looking for training tips, you are in the wrong channel haha just kidding.
Sometimes yes, but  main focus of this Vlog are the following, friends, lifestyle, joyride, places and gadgets. We will travel slowly the different places in Europe!
The weather was awesome during this ride. I think the temperature was only around 10-12 Degrees.
You won't sweat that much, but it really feels cold, much worse for the people that can't tolerate cold breeze.
When I was here last time in my first Video
We were controlling our speed, as we were driving with a group called beginners' biker Stuttgart group.
We didn't increase our speed during those time.
We just have to be relaxed as we are joining the beginners group.
Also in Stuttgart, the  roads are not that flat, they are always hilly!!! hahaha.
The people here in Germany really does a lot of outdoor cycling almost every day during spring and summer season.
It's because when Autumn starts, even more Winter, no one wants to ride outside due to the harsh  cold temperature. (Some robots do, tho, hahaha)
If you are looking for a younger community of people that is near Stuttgart, T체bingen is the answer.
It is a university area where there are a lot of Students (obviously! Duh!).
And haha, if you're looking for single partner lols, you might find it here. Kidding!
Oh by the way, in winter, people change their activities to winter sports and indoor family events.
Gluhwein! Coffee near the fireplace is also not bad to have a family bonding.
Yeah my favorite event of the year.Hmmm! Holiday season is coming! Every town now is busy preparing for own (weihnachtsmarkt). Limited due to pandemic, tho.
A Christmas market, also known as Christkindlmarkt, Christkindlesmarkt, Christkindlmarket, Christkindlimarkt, and 
Weihnachtsmarkt, is a street market associated with the celebration of Christmas during the four weeks of Advent. 
These markets originated in Germany, but are now held in many other countries. Wikipedia
In Philippines more like "Talipapa" or "Palengke" (or Town Plaza) ?
 TADAH! I have my new logo and banner created by my bro! Tommy Cacatian! Shouout to you and thank you.
Here it is!!!
Shoutout also to Edmund Paet Cycling one of my supporters! Thank you cheers!
Raffle Mechanics : (Just read it in description below) Thank you
Always wait weekly for new further announcements for this Raffle Draw! Thank you
And we just arrived in T청bingen Marktplatz. We were hungry, so we just went straight to have our lunch hahaha.
Thank you again for watching and your support! cheers!
