Hey friends, it's Therese and welcome back to 
my channel! As you guys can tell from the title  
is all about books by Filipino 
authors that you guys can pick up  
in the next month which is Asian American, 
Pacific Islander month! So let's just kind of…
Yeah. But yeah. Like I said it's next month is the 
is Asian it's AAPI month which is Asian American  
Pacific Islander month, there are a couple of 
readathons involving I think I believe Cindy  
from withcindy has a pretty good like Asian 
readathon so if you guys are looking for books  
that are centered around Asians that you guys 
want to broaden what kind, like I guess that  
the “kind of Asian” that you read here are some 
books by Filipino authors, as we are starting to  
rise up and kind of find a comfortable place in 
the literary world. Five of these books I have  
read and then five I do plan on picking up. One 
of them actually does come out next month I will  
definitely be running to the store and buying it 
because like it is necessary in my life to have it  
in my hands and review it and give this author, 
this debut author, I believe, so much clout  
because she deserves it. But let's just get into 
it and hopefully you guys will enjoy the choices  
that I have offered you guys and we can read them 
together or you guys can read them next month  
and tell me what you guys thought. Before I start 
with the books that I have read I'm going to start  
off with the book that is coming out next month 
and that is Arsenic and Adobo by Mia P. Manansala.  
This is an adult kind of rom-com slash 
mystery book as you guys can tell by the title  
this follows a young girl named... I believe... 
Hold on I'm looking at the thing because like  
it's easier for me to remember synopses when 
I have the book in my hand but then when I  
don't I just kind of scramble. This follows 
young Lila Macagapal, who, after a breakup,  
moves back to the Philippines. And it seems like 
it's just kind of like a typical rom-com you know  
she wants to get over her boyfriend but suddenly 
she's tasked with helping save her family’s like  
restaurant while also having to deal with her 
titas running around and bugging her and like  
trying to play matchmaker. That is until one day 
when she runs into her ex-boyfriend and shortly  
after that encounter her ex-boyfriend drops 
dead and soon what becomes like a cute little  
rom-com turns into an agatha christie novel as 
all investigators look to her as a potential  
is the only suspect in his murder and since no 
one's getting the job done she decides to take it  
take matters into her own hands and goes ahead and 
tries to figure out who killed her ex-boyfriend.  
I'm super excited for this like for one like look 
at this cover it's just gorgeous and two it's a  
new release it's a debut author and it looks like 
it'll be a super entertaining read and I'm just  
so excited, but I'm trying not to hype it up too 
much in my head just to give the book some room  
to breathe and so I'm not expecting way too high 
of expectations for a debut author because I kind  
of I always try to give debut authors a little bit 
of slack since it is their first book, it's their  
baby. And you're never and you're still trying 
to figure out your own writing and everything.  
The next book... Now moving on to the books that 
I have in fact read the first one is one that I've  
mentioned quite frequently on this channel I read 
a couple years ago and it has just stuck with me  
and that is The Everlasting Nora by Marie Miranda 
Cruz. This is Marie Miranda Cruz’s first debut  
novel as a middle grade novel hint so got a wide 
array here following young Nora who is trying to  
make sense of her world after she and her mother 
loses both her father and their home in a fire  
they are now living in one of manila's biggest 
shanty towns which shanty towns, if you are  
unaware, are small kind of communities built on 
cemeteries; that is where they make their home.  
And as this as she's trying to make sense of what 
home means to her and try to overcome the shame  
of no longer having a home, of having lost her 
father, her mother goes missing and she is now  
tasked with the with the job of finding out what 
happened to her mother while also just trying to  
make sense of this very confusing time in her 
life. Trigger warnings for this book there is  
like loss of a spouse, loss of a parent, parental 
gambling, physical assault, kidnapping I think  
that's all I can say that I remember but like I 
said like in all my videos I'll have I'll try to  
have updated trigger warnings in the description 
or in the goodreads if I have read the book.  
I love this book. I love this book. I 
love that it's a middle grade novel that  
is dealing with harder hitting topics that are 
currently still ongoing today in the Philippines  
I believe the author had based Nora off a young 
girl she actually did meet in the Philippines  
who actually did live in the shantytown, who under 
different circumstances, did not see the same fate  
as Nora at the end of this book. I highly 
recommend it it's such a quick and easy read  
and it's so good because it integrates a lot of 
like the culture of the Philippines, a lot of the  
languages and like the little nuances of it while 
also showing this kind of side where a child has  
to grow up very quickly in this world that she 
wasn't... She really didn't ask to be put into.  
The next one I literally finished on the car ride 
home from my trip with my boyfriend a couple like  
last week and that is Monstress by Lysley Tenorio. 
This is an anthology of short stories by Lysley  
Tenorio following Filipinos and kind of their 
relation to America. we have a couple of more  
contemporary situations, and a few of historical 
fiction pieces in here as well. I highly recommend  
it. It kind of looks into a lot of the problems 
in… uh trigger warnings for this short story  
collection there is uh death, there's kind of 
like very illegal medical procedures going on,  
some transphobia happening in this book as 
well and what else? Death? Death. I'll just  
stick with death. I highly enjoyed this book 
I mean I ha I read it in the span of like  
literally two days because this one I read it 
in in my my boyfriend's um suite while we were  
reading well we were like relaxing after our 
hikes and then on the way home so not that  
hard it's a very quick and easy read. It's, I 
say, it does a really nice job of hitting points  
some of the more nuanced points of the Philippines 
and some of the darker bits of our history and  
our own culture all. But it's done poignantly and 
without making it seem like we're a terrible place  
for terrible people. It's done very humanly a lot 
of the characters feel very human. But with that  
said there were a couple of like a short stories 
that I didn't quite resonate with or didn't really  
catch my eye but I feel like that's kind of 
the case with a lot of short story collections  
there's always a hit or miss with them and like 
no one really ever has a short story collection  
where you're like yes I love all of them it's 
just it's just the way it's beast. But I highly  
recommend it if you guys are looking more into 
kind of seeing just some different views in the  
Philippines and like the familial aspect and like 
our views on certain things and the some of the  
trials that we had to go through as we kind of 
have endured like coming to america, losing family  
members who have come to america, abandonment all 
that stuff. The next one that's a pretty recent  
read of mine. My friend Connor just said it for a 
video of his, I will like leave his video linked  
down below, I'm glad he really enjoyed it. But 
that is Patron Saints of Nothing but Randy Ribay.  
This is a YA contemporary novel following young 
Jay, who is in his senior year of high school.  
He just wants to coast he's in his last semester 
he just wants to enjoy it before he goes off to  
university in michigan that is until he hears news 
that his cousin and his only friend who really  
understood him when they lived in the Philippines 
has died and not just like you know passed away  
from an illness; he was killed by the cops due 
to the... Now unsure as to why the situation has  
happened to him and kind of trying to figure out 
and make sense of his cousin's obvious murder,  
he takes it he uses his spring break which is 
like I think one or two weeks and travels back  
to the Philippines to to visit Jun's family and 
learn more about the problems that are currently  
happening in the Philippines such as the drug 
war that the president has... The president  
duterte has enacted. This is a very hard hitting 
book. I gave this a 4 out of 5 stars. Like I love  
this book it's one of my favorites but I gave it a 
four because of the ending I feel like the ending  
was just a little weird to me. But this is very 
hard hitting obvious trigger warnings for death,  
murder, police brutality, toxic family, mentions 
of drug use, and drugs, drug use and drug abuse,  
I believe there's some hints of trafficking. It's 
just a hard book and I think that this book was  
done really well in terms of showing how important 
family is the Filipinos, how culture and food is  
also very important to us, as is tradition, as 
well as explaining the kind of rougher bits of  
life that are that's currently still ongoing in 
the Philippines today, with the drug war and how  
that's affecting not only the people but then the 
families that are around them because it is a very  
it's a very it's a very hard thing to talk about 
considering people in the Philippines do find that  
this war is actually helpful to them well other 
well it's very clearly not. I highly recommend  
this book but please be in the right mindset when 
you do pick it up because it does hit on some very  
hard topics. I think the prose is beautiful 
it's the the book is done in a way where it's  
very simplistic but it covers all the hard-hitting 
topics without missing a beat and you don't feel  
like that they're just glossed over, so I highly 
recommend the book if you have not picked it up  
yet good should be a good time for AAPI month. The 
next one is an adult fantasy so look at me giving  
y'all a variety and that is The Wolf of Oren-Yaro 
by KS Villoso. This is KS Viloso’s first series...  
Trilogy actually, and this follows Talyien as 
she tries to kind of pick up the remains of her,  
not only her marriage, but then also her country 
because on the day she was coronated, she murdered  
a man and then exiled her king, her husband, that 
same day leaving her with their like young son,  
like now ten-year-old child so as she now 
she's traveling to the country to find out  
how she can repair her relationship with her 
husband and also hopefully bring her country back  
together. Love this book. It was definitely a lot 
there's a lot of trigger warnings: lots of death,  
lots of implications of sex trafficking, and 
potential sexual assault. Just a lot attempted  
murder. I love this series I think a lot of the 
political like tb mentioned it in his review...  
But it looks like a bit more action-packed than 
it actually is. I believe the second book does  
get a bit more to the action, but this is a 
bit more political intrigue as it's setting  
up kind of the world and the main plot that will 
continue to carry forward in the next two books.  
I love this book it was written so well and you 
can see like I don't know a lot about Filipino  
mythology or pre-colonial Philippines primarily 
because... I-I just haven't studied it quite yet,  
I need to do more research on it, but according to 
the reviews it is based off of some Filipino myths  
and as well as pre-colonized Philippines. So 
highly recommend it if you guys are wanting to  
take a more fantastical look into Maybe how 
the Philippines had looked before you know  
spain, japan america, came in and you know ruined 
us. Highly recommend this definitely like like I  
said it's a bit of a slower read because there's 
a bit more political intrigue but how it's written  
definitely picks up in some bits so you are able 
to pick it up and just kind of continue reading  
and you won't like get bored. Highly recommend. 
The last book of the ones that I have read is  
Where Dreams Descend by Janella Angeles. This 
is a YA high fantasy novel following young  
Kalia who is a like fire dancer and she wants 
to partake in a competition that's primarily  
only that's pretty male dominated. However her, 
like handler, I guess her mentor does not want  
her to so she takes matters into her own hands and 
runs away and joins the competition. There there's  
mystery and some kind of darker path like darker 
things happening around this this competition.  
This is one of my first reads of 2021 one of 
my favorite books so far of 2021. The prose is  
absolutely marvelous, it's descriptive without 
taking away too much of your um imagination. The  
main characters are pretty fleshed out. I did have 
some problems with it primarily with the pacing,  
I feel like some aspects could have been switched 
primarily with the mystery and the romance  
as to where they were placed and then I felt like 
when things started happening and you know people  
were hurt and went missing they weren't... Those 
characters were not fleshed out enough to really  
May have me feel something for them. But I'm 
really like this is her debut so like like I said  
earlier in this video I'm gonna cut her a little 
bit of slack because you know debut novels  
are like they're not the rough cut, but they're 
the base of where um an author can grow from here  
and I think this is a really good base 
for Janella and her future works. And I  
highly recommend it and I can't wait for the 
sequel which I believe comes out this year!  
The next book is by another Filipino author -- 
duh. And that is wicked as you wish Rin Chupeco.  
This is the first book in a series following young 
tala as she is as like she is kind of guarding  
the last magic user in the the the Kingdom of 
Avalon there he-he is currently hiding out... In  
hiding out in arizona because he is the 
last surviving remaining relative of this  
magic... Magical dynasty. Now with kind of 
like magic being gone the two must travel  
back to Avalon with their friends to figure 
out exactly what is going on there. I read  
the first chapter a while ago for like how 
do you write a first chapter writing vlog.  
I-I really enjoyed the first chapter it was 
so captivating and so funny and energetic and  
while also setting up the world building I 
cannot wait to pick this up very soon I need to  
Rin Chupeco’s like been on the top tier like the 
top of my list of Philippine authors to pick up  
but like I keep forgetting the next month Rin 
Chupeco will be also one of the books that I  
pick up when I go buy arsenic and adobo. The next 
one is The Farm by Joanne Ramos. According to my  
roommate who has read the book and has loved it, 
this is a medical dystopia following this young...  
Like this place called the farm where young 
pregnant women can live there and like they have  
to stay there for the entirety of their pregnancy, 
when they're done they end up with a life-changing  
kind of scenario happening. Now Jane, an immigrant 
from the Philippines and also a single mother,  
attends the farm in hopes of like you 
know alleviating some of the pain and the  
struggles that come with being a pregnant woman 
in this day and age. However as the months pass  
she finds herself wanting to reconnect 
with her old life, but she does not want to  
I guess risk losing the benefits that come with 
the farm or potentially incur a worse punishment.  
This book sounds amazing and my friend loved it so 
I have to pick it up sometime soon. I believe it's  
always like in our second hand bookstore and 
I always need to go there but I always forget  
which is weird cause it's like right around the 
corner? So hopefully I'll be picking it up soon  
it is one of my I think I believe I have it 
under top ten five star recommendations for  
this for this year so I like I kind of have to 
pick it up at this point. The next book is Once  
Upon a Season by Tif Marcelo, this is an adult 
contemporary romance, I think romance, following  
diana gallagher-cary who is kind of trying to 
find herself and wants to reconnect with her  
long lost family in the Philippines when she moves 
back she finds these letters from her grandma and  
her grandfather when they first I think fell in 
love and as she starts to read them and kind of  
not only starts to find herself but also kind 
of redefines what she's always viewed as love.  
It looks super cute and fluffy and I love myself 
a good contemporary romance to kind of break away  
the um the monotony of like all of like the 
fantasy. Not that fantasy's monotonous but  
like you know now the world like having to digest 
the world building you know that kind of stuff.  
Super excited to pick this up, I think it should 
be out I want to say it was a 2020 release? Double  
check it came out basically a year ago march 
3rd 2020. So super excited to pick this up  
I don't know when it looks like a cute summer 
read so I might just have to buy it as like  
a birthday present to myself in June? Maybe 
so. We'll see. And the last book is actually  
like a mystery thriller. Murder mystery? And 
that is Jar of Hearts by Jennifer Hillier. This  
takes place following three different stories one 
in the present where one recently is let out of  
prison. Then in the past, where we find this kind 
of tumultuous relationship and as the relationship  
is ending, it leads up to this murder that occurs 
with her best friend. And also trying to figure  
out exactly who killed her friend while also 
knowing that it is not her ex-boyfriend. It sounds  
super intriguing. The cover is gorgeous. 
It has been on my list for a hot minute but  
again -- forgetful and I also don't peruse the 
murder mystery section as often as I should. So  
that's that for you! But yeah I'm super good again 
this book I'm hoping to pick it up sometime this  
year just because like I would like to expand my 
repertoire of Filipino author novels which like I  
think I'm getting there I'm slowly building it up 
but that is it for the books by Filipino authors  
that you can obviously pick up this coming month 
before AAPI month. If you guys have read these  
books or want me to pick up any of these books for 
May and you know read them and do a review please  
let me know in the comments down below and I'll 
be more than happy to do that for you guys. But  
until next time hit like subscribe comment and if 
you guys have any questions concerns or whatever  
let me know social medias are down below comments 
are down below but until next time because I'm  
having a wonderful week and I'll see you guys 
next week for whatever videos I have planned bye!
