What's up guys! Today we'll be cooking Sinigang with beef short ribs in an Instant Pot.
Sinigang is a Filipino dish that consists of meat, and an assortment of vegetables, all cooked in a tamarind based broth.
Normally, it takes a few hours to get the beef short ribs extra tender,
but with the Instant Pot, we'll be cutting the cook time in half.
For this first, part if you plan on using a Sinigang or tamarind soup mix, you can skip it all together.
But if you're trying to make your Sinigang super legit, we recommend using actual tamarinds.
You'll want to specifically get the green tamarinds that are sour and not the sweet ones.
So, to start off, dump in half a pound of washed tamarinds into a small pot.
And then, add one and a half cups of water.
Cover your pot.
And boil everything for about ten to fifteen minutes.
After boiling them,
smash your tamarinds with a sturdy utensil to release the sour juices of the fruit into the water.
Once you're satisfied with how much you've mashed up your tamarinds, pour everything through a strainer into a bowl.
And then squish the tamarinds one last time to get every last bit of sour juiciness.
Now it's time to start cookin'!
First, throw in two and a half to three pounds of beef short ribs into the Instant Pot.
If you can, we recommend getting a higher quality cut of meat. You can tell the meat is of higher quality
usually when it's firm has a good amount of marbling or has a bright cherry red color
or the most obvious indicator, it's a little more expensive. If you're a Sinigang connoisseur,
it's totally worth it.
Next you'll want to add one chopped onion
1 sliced tomato
2 and 1/4 teaspoons of salt
Your tamarind juice from earlier and two and a half cups of water.
Secure the lid to your instant pot. And then turn the steam release to the ceiling setting.
Afterwards, press the meats stew setting and make sure it's set to high pressure for 30 minutes.
Allow it to pressure cook for the allotted time.
Once it's done, quick release the pressure by turning and holding the steam release to the venting position.
There is a chance a small amount of liquid might slightly spritz out every now and then.
If it does, you can hold a piece of paper towel to absorb it. But after a minute or so,
you should be good. And you can just let the Instant Pot vent out on its own.
When the float valve unlocks, you're safe to open it.
At this point, it's time to start cooking our vegetables. First, drop in 4-5 peeled and washed taro root.
And make sure that they're fully submerged so that they cook all the way through.
Set your Instant Pot to the sauté mode at the normal temperature setting.
Simmer everything for about 25 minutes.
As it's cooking, for the duration of the 25 minutes, you can taste the broth and check if it needs more salt.
Also, if you want you can skim the excess fat that rises to the top of the soup. Or you can just keep it there
for some extra fatty goodness.
You won't judge!
At the 25 minute mark, fork your taro root to check if their tenderness is to your liking.
If they're good, go ahead and add a rough two and a half cups of Chinese long beans each cut to about 3 inches long,
followed by 2 jalapenos.
Do your best to submerge the vegetables into the broth.
And then simmer everything for another 5 minutes.
Finally, just stir everything together.
And then, Wowowee Wow!
I personally prefer Sinigang with beef short ribs, but Nicole likes it better with pork ribs.
Let us know which type of meat you prefer in your Sinigang. Either way, they're all talagang tasty!
 
