ready to race
have a lot of headaches about bargaining.
a headache, headache,
Ah, it's on the way to go. There will be motorcycles coming to me all the time. Friends, friends,
Ah , I
, K Ten, just like I didn't know on the camera just now.
like he threw a helmet behind us? I heard the sound and I was a little shocked.
Oh, it's like a motorcycle mafia. I'm in this area, my friend
take it anymore. Must be
e Is it
Nong Way, I had
a motorcycle before
This is when we stop and ask the local people. Has he followed us yet?
wear it?
It's easy for people to get it. So confused.
We replied back to three hundred. At first, I answered very harshly.
I didn't give it, but when I got it, I was just indifferent.
Oh, it wasn't at the time. How are you going to
K.
e
Expand and have a stop to refuel, my friend.
. No need to get out of the car. because the fuel tank is in front
Just now, I secretly looked at the price of oil per liter here, my friend. The price is eighty-nine point, five zero pesos
. Can it be more expensive
? The sound of the car is that it can't
Three of them are so damn heavy. Arrived,
, open a hundred
if you go up to a hundred pesos, a friend of a friend
. Here, this is an area that looks like a view
friends, friends, they will have a table to sit in a lock like this.
let's just sit and have a picnic? Oh no,
There is a food shop over there. I still say that, but the entrance fee is very expensive.
pesos At first I thought that this place would be free to enter.
So we came up This is the same price for a motorcycle.
almost bloodshot But we set up to pay the entrance fee one hundred pesos.
it I intended that at first I would go to the temple and go to the temple downstairs again.
But it had to pay an entrance fee of one hundred pesos. The total was to pay two hundred pesos in total.
I thought we wouldn't go to the temple, only to see the view.
best of
here, look at the view, look at the view, here's the view of the whole city of Cebu, my friend.
, wow, here, uh, nah
, so it's here. Look at the view of the city if you notice it.
What kind of tall building is this? Not as many as at Manilan
, but what I've heard is that this place used to be the former capital of the Philippines
but I don't know what year it was.
I think that if you come during the night, you will see the view. The city, like seeing the lights, should be more beautiful than this.
But we don't have that much time and getting to this place is quite difficult if it's late, like me,
If anyone who is carefree Travel expenses like this can come up easily.
Take a taxi or pay with a motorcycle. But we need to save as much money as possible.
. My mother came
It's about half past seven now, my friend. We're going to go find something to eat again.
Well, our life is nothing. When I come to travel and eat, sleep, eat, sleep, I will switch, sometimes it won the lottery,
because I can't figure out what we're going to eat. Because each meal, oh my,
eat eat only friends Well, now I'm walking around Naha
It's another place where people are crowded and there are many restaurants for us to choose to eat. But I'm not sure,
Did we come to the right place? It's going to be a roundabout. That's right,
Yes, my friend, this side is kfc
pizza mcdonald's huh the rose jinny is cute, yellow,
everyone gets a lot.
hit
This is probably the electric train, my friend. The city bus is white and white. It's a small, small car.
It's so dark in the middle of the city. Now we walk to see
One. It says. Well , it's probably a chicken, and then
And something deep fried. Let's go take a look inside first.
, but it's very crowded.
what ?
Thousands of banks
normal, hit
now I'm confused as to why we're showing up in front here, my friend. Actually, we came to visit
, my friend. He just picked us up from the restaurant just now.
this person 's friend's house.
. I came to log here, but
It's another experience to get to know Filipino people here. Well, he said that this auntie sells
bbq, forty years ago, what kind of grill looks similar, my friend, my friend.
. I'm not sure if forty years ago they sold something first.
. Hello, hello Thailand. Hello.
, winson
. Now we move in to sit and have a drink and sing karaoke in my house. Like I said, Filipinos are already famous for singing, my friend
if Thai people first think of Filipinos, he has. In singing, well,
let's do some karaoke. And I was addicted to a bottle of soju.
, so we'll try. Have him try soju,
Because he doesn't let me try to eat, my friend. This is singing karaoke
. What mic do you have in the house like this?
The
jet tool sport, we're looking for a glass.
clap your hands , ah,
Sip.
Mr. Tee, Oh,
Nong Mix
Okay,
, hmm,
know
now everyone is stunned. The movie sounds very good, friends, friends,
all about
, two
Cebu
This section will be sent to the wood band song contest.
here my friends Wow, but it's ok to come up, it's
Okay,
Good Night
Let's go to see. The fiesta festival in the Philippines, my friends,
. But driving past it just like he still organizes
The festival is here So this brings us down to look at it
hey
, we
as if he was about to compete in a beauty pageant for a friend of a friend It's a ladyboy, wow,
This is it. I met a lot in tiktok as well.
I don't think I'll ever have a chance to see it like this, my friend.
ah ,
Right now we're in the quiz round.
What is shock, you know? He asked a question and then answered in English, my friend,
as much as we know. Nie can speak English.
But it can also be said that in Nie,
It will speak English, my friend.
the stage three type two is to answer questions in English. Awesome.
look, look, look,
, and everyone next to What English can this stage listen to?
amazing
, hey,
Wow.
. Wow, good bomb.
