Hello everybody, welcome to another video on the Reação Imediata channel.
and in this video we will react to Morissette and Darren Espanto
singing the song A Whole New World
and we hope you enjoy this video.
Sign up for the channel, 
and if you are already registered, activate the notifications
and in the description of all videos
has the link to our instagram.
We have already made several reactions to Morissette,
we will make the access link available
in the upper corner of the screen.
Darren Espanto is also an excellent singer.
we are curious to know the result 
of this song in the voice of both.
Let's go for what matters.
The moment is theirs.
Let's react!
Mixed voice...
Fantastic!
A wonderful duet
Darren has a powerful voice
especially when he uses the chest voice
because he is using a mixed voice
but with emphasis on the chest voice
and this creates a contrast with Morissette's soft, crystal-clear voice,
one voice complements the other. Everything is very beautiful!
As I said at the beginning of the video,
we've been following Morissette since last year.
We are happy that she is gaining this kind of recognition
-She deserves all this.
Without a doubt, she deserves.
she has incredible talent
is a great and excellent singer
Darren Espanto is also a great singer
Darren Espanto is also a great singer.
he has a lot of talent
but we do not have many reactions from him
we made more reactions from Morissette.
-If you want, make a suggestion
in the comments field
to make more reactions to his videos.
Truth. But anyway we were very happy
both have powerful voices and lots of vocal ability
I'm impressed because Darren is very young and has a great voice.
It is true.
Wow amazing
a lot of emotion
the vocal arrangement is perfect
the voice of the two can shine
the two voices are highlighted
and also showing great vocal agility.
We have already seen that Morissette
can sing many different styles
and Darren has a great vocal domain
It was wonderful!
I liked very much
they are being faithful to the original vocal arrangement
but they also put their vocal personality
we can not forget that
the Darren Espanto is in a region of comfort,
and Morissette also
his voice seems to be in a Baritone rating
an intermediate voice classification of the male voice
because the low notes he emits have a lot of quality
he is in the Tessitura region
and also in the high notes.
But here in this song he does not use many high notes.
 believe the idea is to create a contrast
with the voice of Morissette
due to their vocal range, he seems to be Baritono and she is Soprano.
It's true, I think the intention is precisely this,
to create a contrast because in the film
the song can appear in a dialogue scene,
this is very common in certain movies and musicals.
But anyway, 
the result is fantastic.
- Fantastic!
But this is our opinion, 
now we want your opinion
write in comments
What do you think about this amazing performance
of Darren Espanto and Morissette Amon?
if you want more reactions from them, click on liked 
write in the comments your suggestion
for Darren Espanto and Morissette Amon
and share the video.
We hope you enjoyed this reaction
and see you in the next video.
Tchau (Goodbye)
