 
hello everyone
See you again with meow.
Meows Stories
Meow took me to a restaurant today.
The most popular is that Thai people and Filipinos come to eat a lot. It is INASAL.
Is it MANG INASAL?
This is a popular shop.
In terms of grilled chicken, very much because his chicken is very delicious, but sometimes the chicken that comes with it will burn every time. If it's not burnt, it's not MANG INASAL. Today, Meow ordered grilled chicken and it will There is a PALABOK
Another one is HALO HALO.
It's his. Miao will show you how it will be.
how
This one will be PALABOK.
will be a line
And then there will be a sauce on top.
and then there will be one egg
This will be grilled chicken.
rumored
If it doesn't burn, it's not INASAL.
And then there will be a dipping sauce, this will be
Um, oil, chicken oil.
very delicious
They will also have soup for you.
If you come and sit at the restaurant, they will provide you with soup.
and then there will be a dipping sauce
This one will be salty like salty.
Soy sauce in our house.
We'd better start eating now.
Well, here's another one.
It will be CALAMANSI.
or his little orange juice
We can put it in here.
Or we can put it in the chicken at all.
Meow likes to put it in the chicken.
it will be sour
I don't know if it's our kumquats or not.
But here they call it CALAMANSI.
We'd better eat now.
First one, Meow will taste it as a parabox for you to see first.
this will be a line
The scales, scales like this, are like pork narrows.
Then he mashed it and mashed it. It was delicious.
And then he'll have a piece of pork for him.
Let's try the chicken next time.
This will be chicken oil.
was poured into the rice
His chicken flavor would be sweet-sweet.
It's very mellow. not very dry
and like juicy
The chicken broth and the mix is ​​very tasty.
If it happens that you can get som tam
is very tasty
Overall, this one is very good.
I'll give you ten out of ten.
This cat likes to eat very often.
But it's a regular restaurant that Meow eats at all.
Because whenever I think of Thai food, I will come and eat here.
because the taste is very Thai
Sometimes I will buy back to eat with papaya salad at home.
delicious
What kind of dipping sauce will he have?
But before from people who do not like to eat salty
Now, I am a very salty person because here they like to eat salty very much.
and his sweet food will be very sweet.
Salty food is salty.
Salty kidney asks for it.
If you come and sit at the restaurant, they will provide you with soup.
Here, let's taste the soup.
They will add tamarind broth in the soup as well.
It will be slightly sour.
If someone likes it, it's good.
Sauteed with Grilled Chicken
And the broth is good.
I saw people here eating with their hands.
I'll try to eat some
If someone uses my hand
At the shop, they will have a place to wash their hands inside.
Let's go wash our hands.
Next time we eat savory food and then we have to continue eating dessert.
Let's eat halo halo soon.
To eat properly, we must be the first person.
because it means MIX MIX
This he will have a lot of ingredients.
There will be jelly and then there will be banana syrup.
and then there will be
Like clear ice in our house.
will have one popsicle
The ice cream here is famous.
Well, it's called UBE.
will be purple
And then there is jackfruit as well.
And then there will be beans, and then there will be
There's also pudding.
Today, let's summarize the damages and how much we ate.
Halo halo food prices
The smaller one will be sixty-two pesos.
Meow will write Thai money for you.
How much is sixty-two pesos?
And then it's a set of cats that I ordered will be named
tsm one, there will be
parabok
