A Kuwaiti Beauty celebrity makes racial remarks against Filipino workers stay tuned
Recently a celebrity Kuwaiti blogger and social media star
By the name of Sondos Alqattan, has come under fire for complaining about changes to the country's Kafala system
It  now against the Philippine migrant workers the right to have days off and to keep their passports
Now as many of you know, I did a video on Joanna Demafelis
The Filipino worker that was killed in Kuwait  and body was found in the freezer. And in that video I
Did a detailed analysis of what the Kafala system is.  I'm gonna show you a clip with that video
Arab nations
Handle OFW's under the system called Kafala.
This is a system that's pretty much administered through most Arab nations
it
allows the
employer to withhold the visa passport cell phones and computer equipment
Anything that would allow the OFW to communicate with their relatives and friends back home
The employer has the right to withhold those items. Not only that if the OFW
wants to change jobs or they have to get permission from the
Employer
It is thought that Joanna's
Communication may have been limited due due to her being under the Kafala system. So
This is a terrible system
its lends itself to
abuse
because
When you think about it, the employer of the OFW has pretty much total control of the OFW
When they have the ability to withhold their visa
When they have the ability to withhold their cellphone and other communication devices where they can't communicate to their loved ones
That's control. So this type of system
Contributes the abusive environment of OFW's
The Philippine government
placed a ban on deployment for all OFWs to Kuwait
the ban was lifted after the memorandum of agreement was made by Kuwait and
Philippine government to protect
Philippine migrant workers
After their new law was placed and went into effect
Sondos Alqattan  placed a video on her social media account for Instagram
Here are translated words from the video. For a made to take off every week
That's four days a month and we don't know what she'll be doing on those days with her passport on her.
How can I have a servant at home who gets to keep their password with them? I don't want to Filipino maid anymore
Sandoss Alqattan has been heavily criticized since she posted her video on Instagram.
Many of called her remarks racist and have accused her of wanting to have a slave rather than an employee. In
Addition many of her beauty contracts have been canceled. TO SONDOS ALQATTAN- WE SAY SHAME ON YOU!!
Question for the day. How do you feel about Sandos Alqattan?  Were her remarks racially motivated or just in bad taste?
Leave your comments for me in the comment section of this video and as always remember to Like share and subscribe
this is BobbieD saying take care GOD bless and PEACE!!
MUSIC PLAYING.....
