Hi everybody. Welcome back to Mat Salleh TV. Today we're going to be looking at  
more national anthems but today we're looking at national anthems sung by famous singers. First is  
going to be the Turkish national anthem and this is actually sung by a Pakistani singer  
This is Rustam Fateh Ali Khan. I don't know but are they related to Ustad  
Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan? Please tell me 
in the comments but let's see
Got that traditional Turkish instrument too  
This is a great rendition
It is really great to see Pakistani 
singers pay such respect to Turkey and the  
Turkish national anthem. They included the Turkish instruments and the song and the  
performance really had the heart of Turkey within it. I really like that and  
I love the relationship between those 
two countries. Next we've got this  
It is the Saudi Arabian national anthem and this is by a singer called David Serero
He has a powerful and commanding voice
That's the Saudi Arabian national 
anthem by a singer called David Serero
I don't think he's from Saudi Arabia. I'm
not sure where he's from but his  
pronunciation of the words and the lyrics was almost perfect. He could sound Saudi Arabian  
He's got such a powerful, booming and commanding voice. I really enjoyed that performance from David Cerero  
Next we've got Bangladesh 
and this is by a group
This is definitely one of my favorite national anthems from anywhere. One of the most beautiful
That's the Bangladesh national anthem. I don't know what that concept is. Tell me more about that  
performance. Who are the singers? It's so good that he's here all these Bangladeshi  
people singing in unison together. You can see the love and respect in their eyes for their  
country. For Bangladesh. You see the Bangladesh flag flying proudly. Just a wonderful performance  
and great concept for a national anthem video. Next we've got Beyonce for USA  
That voice is outstanding  
That is Beyonce. She's obviously one 
of the best singers in the world 
i think most people know the power of her voice but to hear her sing her own national anthem with  
such pride. you can see that it means 
something to her. I think this is when  
Obama became president. That's a great mixture with that meaning and her talent. Next we've  
got the Sri Lankan national anthem and this is by an Indian singer called Gaurav Dagaonkar
South Asian national anthems are just so beautiful
Gaurav Dagaonkar singing the Sri Lankan
national anthem perfectly. These are the ones I like. I like to see people from different  
countries singing another country's 
national anthem because you can see  
something different. You see a different passion. You see something else. You see how much  
respect these people have for other countries. I know that Sri Lanka and India have a  
great relationship and this was a great example of that. Now we've got the Indian national  
anthem but this is from an Indian. This is Shreya Ghosal. One of the most popular singers in India
Her voice is heavenly to go with Jana Gana Mana which is one of the best  
national anthems anywhere. It's a great combination
This is giving me goosebumps
Jana Gana Mana is
already one of my favorite national anthems from anywhere. It's almost haunting and spiritual as  
I said in one of my previous videos. But to mix that with the raw talent that Shreya Ghosal  
has in her voice. It's really really special. She's just a perfect singer
She almost elevated this national anthem to a unseen level for any national anthem. Perfection  
Next we've got Morisette Amon who is a Filipino singer singing the Philippines national anthem
She is singing with no music in the background
That was insane. No music. The only one with no music in the background. Just her raw  
voice and that was giving me shivers also. What an amazing singer. Philippines always has  
these talented singers. Great respect to that national anthem with such a great performance  
Last we've got Atif Aslam. An amazing talent from Pakistan singing the Pakistan national anthem
This is a commanding performance
Atif Aslam to finish with the 
Pakistan national anthem. Just so good. He's one of my favorite singers from anywhere  
You can hear his commanding voice and to sing the pakistan national anthem which is very  
different from all those others. It is a bit more militaristic but Atif Aslam really showed his  
love for pakistan in that performance. Tell me what you think about all of them. Thanks
