In every stage of our lives we need to break free
and join the very isolated islands around the world
Guys, The Philippines
where I first start my YouTube Carreer
Ones must go back to the begennings to see and learn
That's how he can compare ... How was the first trip?
and how we arrived to this point?
We started from a very modest country, which is
...
The Phelippines
Guys, we"re heading toward the airport now
and going to The Maldives
The most beautiful islands in the world
Between all the world's islands, The Maldives has always the top ranking
Just like the most famous brands: Nike, Adidas, Apple, and Marcedes
Do you see this iPhone, Guys?
A very strong name and there's no island in the world ...
We have the biggest Villa
... can compete with it
Today, we're going to approach it to The Phelippines
There's a personal Gym ...
We're going to synchronize, The Maldives and The Philippines trips together in one video
Let's go to Coron
Don't forget to like this video and SUBSCRIBE to the Channel, Guys
Let's GO
Guys, we've just arrived to Coron
This island is considered more beautiful then The Maldives
I don't know yet ... I have to check out
We are in a hotel in the mid-town
You can see the sea right in front of you
Our tour tomorrow will be in
a boat, this boat will take us in a tour around the islands
we booked a privte tour
Just to be able to film in our ease 
They will show us the whole island
In fact, it's an archipago
Coron
In order to move an island to the other one ... You need boats
Waw
Coron Island is a Municipality in the  province of Palawan
And Palawan is the archipelago that contains El Nidi city, that we had visited three years ago
Today, this area is a little far
It's almost between the Capital Manila and the big Island of Palawan
It's in between and, El Nido has an airport
But you can reach it by boat that it will take 7 to 8 hours
But by airplane, you can arrive there in less than one hour
What this island hide from us?
The Coron island is the most beautiful in the world
Guys, this is our start
Just from the sea
We've just walked
from the hotel
to the nearby sea
We're going to try a move, wait to see
which is flying the drone through this tuk-tuk
Tuk-Tuk not Tik Tok 😂
we're flying the drone through this Tuk-Tuk
How was it? was it successful or not, tell me in the comment ... but listen Guys
Do you know how those people live in this little part of a taken away paradise
very far from the crowd
They play Basketball, they just lives their lives
but not far away
The Paradise
This is Coron's market
magandang
magandang umaga
Good moring Guys
this is our second day in Coron
Today is the day
We'r going to discover this island
without the boat's tour we will never know this island ... ever
Good moring Guys
We'll take the boat just for us
We have the whole day to discover all the islands around this area
The Coron area
Let's Go
Is it more beautiful than the Maldives? YES
more than the Maldives? YES
Apparently, we're going to stop over every place just to swim
This is the first spot
See? ... swim and then
go to the next destination
The more you go deep the cleaner become the water like the Crystal
What's this. How lucky is fish who lives here?
This is another spot
look at the water?
look at this color? it's so breathtaking
Okay Guys, we stopped in this island
this where we are going to have our lunch
Here, it's all seafood
When you take a private tour you can stop wherever you want
or omit any place you want
even it's more expensive but better
every island is more beautiful than the other one
The rain is so heavy that make our vision so limited
You know that this area was
a Battle area during the World War
this area is so famous
you can even find Sunken ships
Shipwreck of more than 50 years old ships
from the WWII time
Looks like Magic
The islands so far are fascinating
The difference is
here is way cheaper than The Maldives
and you can feel the living with the locals
better than being in a tourist attraction areas
This island where we are now is uninhabited
Imagine, you wake up like this, in middle of the ocean?
This is exactly where you can match your honeymoon and your adventure
There in the Maldives, you feel it's so over relaxing.
There's no annoyance, so many services offered
Five-star services.
But here needs more impovement
Imagine going with your friends there?
The next day, you'll get bored
But here you do not get bored at all
every day has an activity to do
every day in a different island
It's like he's taking us to a very special place
not very known
It's very similar to the previous one but it contains a beautiful lake
we're trying to reach it
See, this place
it's called the twin lagoon
lagoons are those rocks
The twin lagoons entrance
you can penetrate directly from there
it's a secret
entrance
very secret one
I'm trying to go film in there
I think this is how our day will end
just this cave is left for us to go through
this cave is so profound
Okay Guys, Good Morning
This is our second day in Coron Island
This time we're going to try something different
not having a tour around the islands but
but we're going to see some amazing places like a forest
and a river passing through it
See, how diverted is this place ... better than The Maldives
Okay Guys, we're going to discover this amazing river by kayak
He has to see this different face of Coron
let's go in a little tour by kayak
And don't forget to tell us down in the comments how is it so far, better than The Maldives or not?
Now it is time for
The Maldives
How are you My friend?
Welcome back
- for Newlyweds 
- Welcome for everyone
You're so so welcome
See Guys this watervilla
we've visited the last time
but this time. the experience will be so deffirent
This is the biggest villa that we have
Its name is Ozen Residence
How many people can come here? 17
It can receive until 8 adults and 2 childen
This villa can host them
With 3 rooms
So this is the biggest villa that you have?
Yes, the biggest one
Welcome back to OZEN
Welcome back
- Greetings for you
- it's just a little thing
We're going to discover this amazing villa
The biggest in The Maldives
It's for 8 persons ... and we're just 4
No problem ... we'll take it anyway
So this is the need-to-be-discovered villa?
Waw
I couldn't imagine it like this
Waw
I can't describe this place
What is going to happen?
No, it impossible
Welcome back to OZEN Joe
We've just made it to
here?
A very personal Gym, whatever you think about you'll ...
... this is a real chock
this is the biggest chock of my life
There's a personal Gym in the same watervilla that we are in
Guys, this beyond expectation
Bigger than ... its name is a chock
You have a personal kitchen here
a kitchen?
a personal kitchen
Okay, he's going to tell us about the prices of this watervilla now
Okay, because of this villa has to be served by several teams ...
the prices is between 10.000 to 16.000 or 18.000 USDollars
for one day?
Yes
How many loans do I have to get for it?
I have to sell all my belongings and my possessions
and my YouTube Channel too
Let's go ahead
The biggest surprise is that we're going to the newest Island
We told them that we have to film more spots
so they are moving us to another Residence
It will be so different from this one for sure
Okay, Thank You
Now, we're leaving this Island which is 
OZEN by Atmosphere
and we will go to OBLU SELECT at Sangeli
- The same owner has this two Islands
- Yes, he has two Islands
- So we're going to try a different Island?
- Yes
- So it's a different location
- Yes, a new location with different activities, and new restaurant cusine
- and it will take us 1 hour and a half to get there?
- Yes, 1 Hour and a half
- Swimming?
- No 😂
- By boat then
- Yes
- Okay, Let's go then
- Okay
Did you saw, How wonderful the reception was?
Way better than the first Island
I think, I will focus more about this Island
I will try to compare the two of them? and let's see which is the best?
in my opinion, of course
my experience will be included
This is our villa today in this Island
We've also special amenities
and fruits
look at it Guys
- So, this one is way cheaper, right?
- Yes, of course
- How much it costs?
- this one is 600 USD and this one 1200 USD by day
- So this one for everyone
- Yes
- It's doesn't have a private swimming pool?
- Sorry, this one it doesn't have
- But we have the sea
Here we're trying to compare them for you
a 20.000 USD water villa with a 100 USD one
Let's jump in the sea from happiness?
Inchallah ( on God's will )
We decided to ask those who lives and works in The Maldives
Working in The Maldives is amazing for those who directly meet and communicate with guests
- Because of they always see new and different nationalities, new cultures
Yes, they knew and communicate with humans from all around the world
so this is will be for them
a new thing every day which keep them away from the boring situations
- So you're happy in The Maldives
- Yes, of course
- You are Guest Relations Manager
- So you receive people in here
- Yes, for Arabs and French people
- Arabs and French people?
- So what do you think about your work in The Maldives?
- I liked too much. I'm so happy about it even though ...
- I'm going to speak Tunisian
- Yes, talk Tunisian we can understand you
- even though it's a new life
- a new life style, sometimes I feel so alone here, 
but in fact, I managed to build a new family here
- Are you going with me?
- Yes, to the airport on God's will
This was our trip to The Maldives and to The Philippines
Write down in the comment section your view about it and what do you choose from the two destinations
All information about the places that we'd visited are in the description box down below
Please, Click now on the SUBSCRIBE button of the Channel
Follow Us in Instagram and Twitter
😉 Peace 😉
