Hello everyone, welcome back to my channel.
My name is Huller Dorothy and I do hope that you guys still remember me.
so the last video that I posted was really sad
I have been trying to do lots of vlogs, but it's really difficult for me
So right now I am really doing my best to do vlogs again.
You guys have been sending me so many DMS on my Instagram and I really do appreciate that a lot.
I am reading everything! even your comments here on YouTube. They mean so much to me
So this is my Instagram account
You can DM me everything that you want to tell me.
Anyway right now
It's New Year here in South Korea  
 (saehae bok manhi  padheuseyo)
Happy new year everyone. This vlog is a new year vlog with me and my baby brother
So welcome everyone AND let's do this
we are just going to have dinner. My mom and dad will prepare and I will continue with this vlog with my baby brother bye
I really hope that my baby brother can nail this one.
I'm not really confident at my drawing but anyway
I drew the things that I want him to buy.
so you can see carrots, potatoes etc..
 
So It's winter
We are going down. So like what I told you the challenge would be
My brother will have to buy these items
I'm going down
I'll use sleepers
By dad. I mean, I just hope that I can manage the cold
Let's go find my brother
I'm pretty sure he is cycling. There he is. Okay, so this is my brother
Hi
me: ouch, ouch, you hit me
mommy: Gaon, go buy, go buy
Let's go buy this one.
Later
How many minutes?
ahhh, (bek bun) 100 minues
100 minutes. Yes
But can you open this open?
open it and then look for the drawing. This one and then this one
you have to buy that with this one. This is (umanwon) fifty thousand
If you buy all I will buy you chocolate
put chocolate
Yeah, if you buy all first, and then I'm going to buy your chocolate
hey
Let's go Gaon
Let's go let's go
Can I ride your bike
Yes, it's big. Okay, hold the camera and take a video of Noona. This one is the brake
Yeah, this is the brake and where's the Bell?
No, I want to I want to ring the bell
Yeah
Yeah, let's go
Hold please
 
So what do you have to buy Gaon? Potato, carrots, yangpa(onion)
Curry mix (kare mix)
Gaon, you have to buy just small portions okay?
small portions, is what?
(chogeum man) just a little bit, not many
Huller: Be careful there's a car
Gaon:I like to run
 
Okay then, hold it properly
Gaon:okay
Just one. very good
What's the next one?
Big potato
Are those potatoes can you show me?
Wait, what's that? What's that? onions?youngpa? Yeah, you got it
I found it
I can make snacks with this
curry. where is the curry at?
I don't know, you have to look for it
 
There's no curry powder
You have to read
You have to look at the picture
where is the curry mix?
you ask people
Where is the curry at?
go back and then it 's at the left
at the left? Thank you.
I found it. It's here. It's too high. Let's see how he's going to get it
First, where's the carrot? Show me the carrot.
there
What's this?
potato
Wow that's a lot of onions
that's good.
and next one is?
very good
(kogi) meat
very good!
High five!
I look terrible
We are going to buy a bunch of chocolates cuz he won the challenge
My brother's favorite is kinder joy, that chocolate
So I'm going to buy that and let's see what his reaction be like because he won the challenge
So this is the surprise bag
That's a lot of kinder joy
My brother actually is not allowed to eat this one. So
I'm pretty sure that he's going I hope he's going to be happy because
He can only eat this one if he did something good at school
It's like a reward because he knows that it's not good to eat a lot of junk foods
But I know that this will make him happy. So let's go. Let's cover this like this and
Leave it there and I will call him
Look for your surprise! look around the bed
What's inside?
what's inside?
Gaon:(Yesunim)Jesus gave?
Tha's all for Gaon
(Yesunim) Jesus gave it
Jesus gave?
 
What will you say to Jesus? Thank you. Ok, you pray.
Jesus, thank you
Because Gaon is good.
Gaon: yes
