Good morning! He's getting ready.
Where are you going? Secret.
What? The time here mga palangga(my love) is 6:39 am
and my face is still my morning face
so I won't show you my face right now
because it's just a horrible mess
What do you think hun?I am i beautiful in the morning?
Absolutely beautiful darling
Really?
This is the..
how to get ready
Look at you
Give me a smile in the camera. You're so handsome
Oh yes what are you up to?
See? Good husband brings wife coffee in bed
Your breakfast will be here soon darling, okay.
Don't say that you don't normally..don't tell lies !! Just only coffee. Yes! and with love.
Take care. Okay darling.
Call me later. I'll call you later darling.
Look at your face. What?I am okay this morning?
Yeah
Right okay better go. Dogs are waiting
Okay and they're excited
Bye bye! Look at the girls they're very excited
bye-bye hun! Take care. Mwah bye bye!
Hello mga palangga(my love) good morning so John
is out already
I am going to office office today
just to post some items
and as usual I will not vlog while I am driving
and John is out  with the girls with the dogs
and they will be back at 3 o clock in the afternoon so I will be home alone
Come with mga palangga(my love)!
Okay I'll drive now, bye for now
I am home! I am home mga palangga(my love)
And I bought a cheese and onion slices
It's smells so good
Let's eat!
The wind is strong!
Now! My hands is full
just for the meantime I'll put you here. Hang on a sec!
If you're wondering where I get this avocado I get this in Tesco
I take this with me at work yesterday but I 
forgot to eat it
so it's in my car, I will eat it later
But first I will just wash my hands
for tea tonight will have a beef stew
The house feels so empty if
John is not here
It's a big slice, look!! I pay this £1.50
Yes!!
Here it is.. I have my cheese and onion
slices and a piece of burger
I always think mga palangga(my love) that every
time John is not here
I always eat a big or massive plate full I mean I did not
mean it in a bad way what I mean is..
If John is not here I eat a lot cuz I feel like I am free eating...
because  sometimes I want to eat a certain food
and John don't like it and when he is away or out
I feel like this is my
moment to eat what I want
this is my breakfast mm-hmm
I just gonna watch TV mga palangga(my love) I will watch a horror movie. ALONE!
Postman is here let see what he brings..a rubbish lol just kidding
We received a leaflet or advertisement everyday that's why our recycle is filling up because of this
It looks like I have something for me, direct line I bet that's my insurance and something for John
and CPC...
I could tell Christmas is around cuz look at their cover its Christmas theme
and the last one is.....
for her ex
so if you're wondering why we receive a letter for her ex here
because John and her ex wife they are in a good terms and..
I don't know I think they agreed that..
because the woman she is in Australia now
because she's working in
there so I think we agreed that
if she has a post or if she has a letter it
will be sent here
so she looks like she's living here as well
That's it!
Before I admit I had an issue about in terms of ex
my heart is aching but now I'm used to it. I feel like I'm numb lol
I mean it's not being numb cuz here they treat ex as there ex no value for him/her.
But because sometimes I can be jealous so before it was like NO but now we're good. Well, she's in Australia she's not here so that's fine
That's it! Anyways the time here is 3 o'clock in the afternoon
I did not vlog because my body just say "rest" So I did take a rest and can't be bothered to do anything
And until now John is not here. As usual routine I cook for my husband and lets wait for John
and let's ask him what's letter about
We are so nosy!
This is my car insurance and my car insurance ends will be 30th of November
so this month... another.... how much
is my insurance?
It is £752!!!
My gosh! Another bills!
He's here!
Where is he?
He's here there!
There he is. It's raining mga palangga
This is it mga palangga(my love) he's making his own coffee because if I make his coffee
he always told me that I make a rubbish coffee
So I let him do himself. She lies.
No! You always say that to me
that I make the rubbish coffee ever
We had our tea and I forgot to vlog I'm so sorry
but John will tell you how it is?
How is it john? How's what? Tea.
Very yummy, really yummy. But he did not eat it all. There's still a left over
Excuse me! There's a limit what you can eat, isn't it? God this woman she's...
I will put a mask from simple as always it's hydrating
sheet mass with minerals and plant extract
I really apologize that this vlog is another sit down video
Ahhmm John is so busy with work now and me even I have day off I cannot go anywhere
because John is working he's not working working in this workshop he is working somewhere
so that's why. What is this? Oh no! John is here.
Can you get me a mirror in my bag. There's a mirror there's a mirror there hun please.
What are those letters? You got letter for your ex. What's the letter?
The problem with me when I apply or put
a mask the mask is big or either I did not place them in the right place
I don't know. I'm still not use of applying mask
What's the letter for?
Council tax. So the letter for is or the letter all about is a council tax
