What's up guys? Today, we're gonna show you how to cook and eat Balut. Balut is a fertilized duck egg
that's considered a Filipino delicacy.
And it's one of those things that you're either gonna love to eat or is gonna want to make you gag. As
soon as you see it, you'll probably immediately know which category you fall into.
First pour in a couple cups of water into a pot. You'll want the water to be deep enough to fully submerge your egg.
Next bring your water to a rolling boil.
Once your water is boiling
place in however many balut you'd like. And
then boil them for about 30 to 40 minutes.
When they're done go ahead and carefully take them out.
So after you cook the Balut, you want to let it cool for about 10 to
15 minutes. Ours are still kind of warm, but we're just gonna, oh wow, yeah we're just gonna go for it
Then you want to crack it from the fat side. And
then make a little bit of a hole and that's where you drink the soup out of.
Careful
There's gonna be a little bit of a membrane in the inside, just poke a hole in it or something.
And then I like to put salt so that the broth in the inside is
flavored a little bit.
Oh that's kind of a lot. Yeah that's a lot. That's kind of a lot. Don't do what I did. Just a little bit.
Yeah, his is gonna taste...ooo okay, yeah I made the same mistake.
You, swoosh it around. Wow
Mine doesn't have broth. What?! Maybe push it in.
Ohhhh!
Oooohhhhhhh!
Alright I think there's broth. Cheers!
Still not getting any broth.
Reinard got a dud. Hold on, there is broth but, its like...
Oh! It's peeing. It's peeing. Well anyways after you drink the broth
you can go ahead and
You can use a spoon or you can just use your fingers. Start going away at it. So Balut is
a duck embryo
It doesn't have the best reputation out of there because of the way it looks but I really like it.
When I was younger, I would just eat
the yolk,
and I would give
the actual
duck to my parents because I wasn't a huge fan of it, but
now that I'm older I
like it.
I don't know what changed in me, but something just clicked. And I was like, okay, I like it now.
the broth
It tastes like
chicken or a duck broth. It's really good, and it's not diluted at all. So it's just really
It's like chicken soup. The yellow yolk part tastes exactly like the yolk of a normal
chicken egg. I like to just take bites out of it full. I don't really separate it. You can separate it,
look at the duck if you want, but I just eat it whole.
The chick is not...
like you're not
Crunching on the bones or anything it's soft and it
It kind of tastes like liver but not really. If you're the type that likes the really gelatinous kind of meats and
like intestines and that kind of stuff, you're gonna like this. But I don't you're gonna hate it.
But that's okay, that's okay. If it's not your thing, it's not your thing. It's okay. I
Don't hate it. There's also this white part.
That I don't always eat.
For some reason it seems like it's soft on this one. So I might eat it. But sometimes it's really hard. I lied,
the white part's still hard. I ate it.
There's your broth!
Are you sure you open it from the big side? Yeah, that is the big side.
Okay,. I guess what I want to say is
don't be afraid of it.
Which parts your favorite? I think the yolk, I think that's everybody's favorite. Can you guess my favorite?
The duck? No. The broth?
Yeah, it makes it all worth it. So she told me that her favorite part was
the feathers on the duck, if they are intact, which is kind of weird.
I think it's because it's like soaked in the broth. Okay its still...its still feathers.
It's a texture thing guys.
So if the feathers were intact on
a chicken drumstick
Would you
enjoy eating that?
I don't think so.
This is a special case.
If you eat it wrong, whatever.
Just eat it. It tastes good
So if you guys liked that eating tutorial on how to eat Balut, make sure to subscribe to our Channel and
we'll see you next time.
