Hello and welcome to the Vire Channel in the Philippines.
The subject of this 5th video of the playlist of cities to visit in the Philippines is the city of Moalboal.
It is a municipality in the province of Cebu. Located in the southwest of the island of the same name.
In fact, the municipality of Moalboal borders the road circling the island of Cebu.
The tourist spot by the sea on the Tanon Strait
is the village of Panagsama, located 4 km west of Moalboal.
Moalboal, which literally means "bubbling water" offers
Some of the most famous dive sites in the Philippines
Beautiful waterfalls
Mountain peaks with breathtaking views
And magnificent sunsets
How to get to Moalboal.
Located 90 km south of Cebu City.
Air-conditioned buses make the connection in 2h30 for 130 Pesos or € 2.30
Taxis run in approximately 1h30 for around 1'900 Pesos or € 33.
As well as vans for around 200 Pesos or 3.50 €.
It is difficult to find a taxi willing to use the meter from Cebu to Moalboal.
It's usually a forfeit race.
On the other hand, the return is more easily negotiable because they will not return to Cebu without a passenger.
The bus stops in Moalboal.
The 4 km to Panagsama are by tricycle for 150 Pesos or 2.50 €
Once there, I highly recommend renting a 2 wheeler.
There are many rental companies in Panagsama.
This allows you to go freely where you want
and we must admit that the prices of the tricycles are greatly exaggerated, especially with tourists.
The beaches of Moalboal are not very glamorous.
Rather, they are access points for diving or snorkeling.
The first access point is the main beach, which stretches for about 150m between Chili Bar and the Pacita hotel,
about 200m south of the main pontoon.
The second is located north of the pontoon,
where there are several small beaches as well as concrete steps to enter the water.
Fortunately, there are some very beautiful beaches near Moalboal
, hence the usefulness of having your own means of transport.
On the other hand, what a pleasure when you stay less than 50 meters from the shore,
to go swimming with the turtles in the middle of the sardine shoals as soon as you wake up or after breakfast.
The sardine run is the major attraction of Moalboal.
There are thousands of sardines swimming in shoals
less than 30m from the shore between 3 and 6m deep.
They are always in the same place, just in front of the pontoon at the Chili bar.
No need for equipment to admire the spectacle.
Ultra fluid dynamics,
like a broom perfectly orchestrated by thousands of sardines whose scales sparkle under the rays of the sun.
It's just magic!
Moalboal beach is not just limited to the Sardine Run.
Beginning with a shallow reef between 50 cm and 2 meters,
composed of sandy bottoms, seagrass beds and some coral, where you can see turtles.
About forty meters from the edge, the plateau gives way to a 33-meter drop off
with dozens of caves and cavities.
The wall is covered with corals, sea anemones and sponges.
More than 300 species of fish found here.
No less than 12 dive sites border the Panagsama coast.
At an easy level,
they are ideal for learning to dive at the many training centers on site.
Kawasan Waterfalls are famous for their turquoise waters amidst tropical vegetation.
Waterfalls on 3 levels with the highest drop of 20 meters
They are among the most popular in the Philippines and attract hundreds of visitors every weekend.
Located 21 km south of Moalboal,
they are very easy to access because the entrance to the site is on the main road
near the municipality of Matutinao.
The bus journey takes 30 minutes and costs 40 Pesos or 0.70 €.
The main waterfall is a 15-minute walk away
on a paved path along a river.
The entrance fee is 40 Pesos or 0.70 € per person
and the parking fee is 50 Pesos or 0.88 €.
The best way to enjoy Kawasan waterfalls
is to take a canyoning descent.
The activity costs around 1,200 Pesos or € 21 per person.
This includes the guide and complete equipment
Either: A life jacket, helmet and water shoes.
The descent in an exceptional setting lasts between 3 and 4 hours.
A memorable day full of emotion!
Mainit's hot water swimming pools have been officially closed to the public since July 2017.
However, access is still possible and the entrance fee of 20 Pesos or 0.40 € per person
and the 10 Pesos for parking are still charged.
They are located 37 km south of Moalboal.
At the level of the municipality of Montaneza, 1.5 km after leaving the main road.
The route takes 30 minutes on 2 wheels.
These are three hot water pools built with stones.
The first is at 42.6 ° C
The second is at 36.1 ° C
And the third is at 35.8 ° C
The temperatures are very precise!
There are also small waterfalls from 3 to 8 meters,
falling into natural emerald green pools.
On the other hand, the water in the cascades seems very cold when you leave the pools.
White beach is the closest beach to Moalboal.
It is located just 6 km away.
The entrance fee is 10 Pesos or 0.20 € per person and 20 Pesos for the parking lot.
From Moalboal, the tricycles charge 200 Pesos or 3.50 € per trip.
This beach is several hundred meters long, bordered by a few seaside resorts
but above all by bungalows and beach huts that
can be rented for eating and drinking.
Kiosks sell local food, fruit and drinks.
The beach is very popular with locals, many of whom come here to spend the weekends
renting bungalows or pitching tents on the beach for free.
The turquoise blue water and the gentle slope make it the ideal beach for children and snorkeling.
Lambug beach is a municipal beach apartment in the municipality of Badian.
It is located 17 km south of Moalboal, 30 minutes by two wheels.
It is a magnificent beach with a long stretch of white sand, lined with trees allowing you to settle in the shade.
The very clear and shallow water with a sandy bottom, gives the impression of market on cotton.
There is no hotel there for a fisherman's boat.
Only a few barracks that can be rented for eating and drinking.
This beach, especially frequented on weekends by locals, is almost deserted during the week.
Pescador Island is a protected marine park located 4 km from Moalboal.
Transportation by bangka lasts 20 minutes.
The place costs 500 Pesos or 8.80 €
and it takes between 2,000 and 5,000 Pesos or 35 and 88 €
to privatize a boat that can accommodate between 6 and 10 passengers.
It is one of the most famous dive sites in the Philippines.
Underwater, this small island is a diverse playground
with, in addition to the 40-meter drop off, tunnels and caves.
Fish life is abundant there. With white tip sharks,
schools of barracuda,
jacks,
and occasionally hammerheads and thresher sharks.
The diversity and mass of reef fish is breathtaking.
Osmena Peak is Cebu's highest peak,
culminating at 1,013 meters.
With a 360 ° point of view,
it is the perfect place to admire the sunset and the sunrise.
It is located 48 km from Moalboal, the route lasts about 1h30.
From Moalboal, you have to go to Alegria and then join Mantalongon.
Unfortunately, there is no bus connection between the 22Km which separates Alegria from Mantalongon.
The solutions are to use a taxi or a van from Maolboal or to rent a two-wheeler.
Another option for hiking enthusiasts is to set off from Kawasan Falls.
A 14 km hike over 5 to 6 hours.
At the foot of Osmena Peak, it is compulsory to register.
It costs 30 Pesos or 0.50 € per person.
The trek of a distance of 600 meters on a vertical drop of 100 meters lasts less than 30 minutes.
An easy hike, accessible to all.
It is not mandatory to have a guide
however they know the best spots for photos
and they have become a very good photographer.
The price of a guide is free, 150 Pesos or 2 € 50 is a correct amount.
At this altitude of 1'013 meters,
there is always the risk of having a misty sunrise spoiling the show.
Especially during the months of December and January.
The best time to have a beautiful sunrise is April and May.
It is also possible to sleep on site.
The camping fee is 50 Pesos and you have to bring your tent.
Hope this video has you more.
Don't forget to subscribe and activate the bell to receive a notification
when the next video is posted on the Living in the Philippines channel.
A big thank you for your support and your encouragement !!!
Do not hesitate to comment on the subjects that interest you!
On that take care of you and see you soon !!!
