so living. in the Philippines for a
little over a month cumulative, I must
say, that my favorite part of this whole
country is the people. the beauty here is
amazing. the clear waters of Corona and
El Nido is awesome, the mountains, the the
palm trees, the warm temperature. it's all
great. really, it is. but the people.. the
people is where it's at. that was my
absolute favorite part of this whole
experience. from living in Manila for 15
days, to travelling by boat and by bus
through the islands all the way down to
palawan, and living in an impoverished
area for a few weeks. all of it was
amazing.
I think I met one sour apple this whole
time and he stole my phone in Manila.
pickpocketer. watch out for them. but
that was it. that was the only sour
experience. everybody's so warm and friendly.
from people who have money and have
great jobs, to people who have absolutely
nothing and live in a bamboo Shack. all
of them were just so friendly in so many
ways. I don't think I'm able to describe
to you all of the scenarios that happened.
you must come here and experience it for
yourself. you can watch as many YouTube
videos, see as many photos, read as many
stories as you
as your heart desires. but until you come
and experience it, and physically feel it..
it's a very warm place, very warm culture.
more specifically, I would say the
children are probably the best part. very
strange to say. but a lot of times the
parents are out working all day so the
children have nothing to do besides roam
and wander. and as you roam and wander
they see you, and they run up to you and
they want to know everything about you.
and they want to spend time with you and
they want you to spend time with them.
it's the weirdest thing. but it's how it
is here. and so many times I would accept
and say "yeah". "come sir, play basketball" or
o "come help us get coconuts out of a
tree". mind blowing how friendly they are.
they're very fun. so I can't tell you how
many times I spent with the local
children just doing whatever it was that
they were doing and just observing, or
watching, or sometimes I'd invite them
to go eat breakfast or dinner or lunch
and they thought it was awesome, hanging
out with a foreigner. I guess to them it
was like a big deal. it's very fun. so the
people of the Philippines was my
absolute favorite part. and going to
travel to other countries, I'm not sure
that it's physically possible to have a
friendlier culture. if you're Filipino
and watching this video, thank you,
because your culture is literally
amazing. thanks for watching. remember,
time is running out,
start living! take care.
