I once talked to a filipina. Then she said, why are you like that? Then I asked her, why?
She said, because of your accent. Why is your accent like that?
I'm the Filipino here,  but your accent is more beautiful than mine. Why are you like that?
Hi friends!!!
How are you guys?
How are you friends?
So, I have never done what I am doing today in this channel.
But i'll do it here because I want many people to hear this
To be able to hear this
What I'll do today is; I'll tell you the top six strategies I used when I was learning tagalog
For Your Information, tagalog is my first language to learn
So I say the strategies that I used but I'm nolonger using as I'm learning other languages
There are strategies that I used when I had just started learning tagalog
But now when I'm learning Italian, I'm no longer using the old strategies that I don't find helpful to me
Maybe they'll be helpful to you
So I will tell you the top six strategies then I'll tell you which I'm not using and why.
The first strategy: I looked for filipino natives
Why did I do that?
Because I had just started learning tagalog immediatly after highschool
So after highschool, I didn't know how to learn a language. But I was interested in tagalog.
So I searched on google, I told google... How can one learning a language?
Google said, the first important strategy is to get native filipinos
If you want filipino language, look for native filipinos. If swahili language, look for native swahili. That way!
So that's what I did
Since maybe I was naive before and didn't have knowledge of the world
"The world of  learning language"
So I did what they told me
I looked for native filipinos on Facebook as well as on Messenger 
Because there are many filipinos on Facebook
There are things I didn't like in that strategy
Like, What will I say?
There are Filipinos who were impolite to me. There were those who said, you're annoying!
Maybe I'm annoying because I'm a curiuos and inquisitive person
And maybe I had many questions to people who had a busy life
Beacuse there are people with kids, family, work. They are busy, right?
Then YOU, having many questions
There i one who told me "why are you learning Tagalog? you can speak English. Just let it be"
But I learned it 
But I'm no longer using that strategy because as I said it is not helpful to me
It is no longer helpful to me because I don't want dramas
Because I'm intoverted and I don't like to be around many people
I only did it before because I didn't have any other idea of learning a language
But if the strategy is Ok for you, Go ahead and use it. It might not be helpful to me but maybe it will be to you
The other strategy is reading
I have read many books 
My challenge here was, during that time my phone was not good for reading and I didn't have a laptop
The other challenge was that I didn't have any idea of the book I had to read
I read any book that i came across
For instance I read advanced book when I was just a beginner. So that was one of the problems
Then the other strategy I used is Singing. I love Filipino songs
So I really sang and sang
Even when I was in the Kitchen, In the washroom or when in the house. I sang
Because I really love Filipino music. And when I sang, I got their accent
Was in the beginning (INTRO)
I just told her, I'm a Kenyan with a Filipina heart
Then she said, really? I'm a Filipina and I have  a Filipina heart. Why are you like that?
I just laughed. And since that day, she calls me "a Kenyan with a Filipina heart" 
The other strategy is talking
That's one of the reasons why we are learning languages
You are learning a new language in order for you to talk to another person. Right?
In God's mercy I found ate Jane
She is my buddy that we talk daily
But there are days when we don't talk. But it's very important when you talk
Ok, it's very important when you talk
And the other strategy is listening
I have listening to a lot of music, series, vlogs
When it comes to mucis I like Zephanie's Chloe's... so many
When it comes to series\movies I like Maja, Janella, Andrea... So many
Like the "DARNA' series. It's nice
And when it comes to vlogs I like Ivana. Ivana's pranks are great
I usually listening to them. They are really enjoyable
Thank you very much because I always laugh at those pranks
Then there are pranks hat will make you cry. They help in learning a language
The other strategy I used is mimic
Because my ate used to always say
She always told me
Why are you like that? Why are you imitating me? Don't be like that
But I would tell her, I'm just like that
But she now understands why I did it because she is learning Swahili now
She is learning Swahili now
So I always imitated (her)
When she would say anything to me, I would imitate 
Like when she says, "what do you want to do today? I would say the same thing
In imitating what she said, I knew something new in tagalog
So in all the strategies I have told you
I am no longer using only one
The one for looking for natives
But reading, Singing, speaking, Listening to music, mimic\imitation; I use all of that
In learning Italian and Spanish
But I'm no longer looking for natives
Instead of that, I use language exchange apps where I look for someone who has an interest in leaning languages
Then I'll talk to that person
If the person is interested, we will talk. If not interested,...
I'll just feel. If the he\she is no interested, I won't talk to them anymore.
That's it
Thank you for watching and see you!!!
Let's learn languages, right?
