Namaskar. Welcome to a new video of Tech Travel Eat. 
Saheerbhai and myself are at Boracay island, Philippines. 
We are going to explore Boracay island. Its one of the top tourist destinations. 
Today we are going to explore beaches 
Beaches and the awesome night life out here. 
I have never seen such a night life in my life. 
Last night we had gone. This island is just 10km in length.
There are lakhs of people coming into this street
I dont know. I didnt shoot there. We had just gone to see it. 
I wasnt prepared to shoot. 
Tonight, when we go there, if there is such a crowd and I am able to shoot, I shall. 
This is the hotel we are staying in. Its an awesome one. 
There is a golf course here. You can see a small lake in between. 
If you ask us the time, its afternoon. We are going to go out. 
Look at the mangoes. Dont try to throw stones and put it down. There are glass windows
Its risky. To know the the taste, he is eating a mango fallen on the ground. 
Its tasty.
Is it? I know you are feeling hungry. We haent eaten anything from morning. Lets eat food.
Its an awesome restort. I loved it. Its amazing all over. 
The resort is little away from the most happening places. 
Thats the only problem. But they have free shuttle services to the town. 
We are not going to white beach first. Whats this place?
We took the wrong route. This resort is in 80 acres of land.
You dont know the route, then you are done.
This resort has a private beach. After seeing that we shall go to the famous white beach.
Like that we got to see how they take coconuts from a tree. 
Like the normal way a person climbs up.
He then ties a bunch of coconuts to a rope and sends it down. 
Today the sky is very bright. Did you apply sunscreen. You will get sun burns. 
My skin that got sunburned that day has begun to peel off. I applied sun screen.
But it doesnt make any sense. That layer has to go
They are plucking coconuts like this. We do this method for tender coconuts 
They do it to save coconuts from not spoiling. Or they may be plucking tender coconuts
They are tying and sending it down so that it doesnt break. 
Its tender coconut. Will they give if we ask?
Whats wrong in asking? They wont kill us
Yes. They are giving us. 
How do we drink this?
In the olden days did you drink these using straws?
We used to drink it in a glass. 
Its very tasty. He has cut and brought it for us. 
This is too good. 
Its very tasty. He has cut it in this way. 
That tender coconut was class. We were so hungry and that was so yummy. 
Lets go this way now. 
In the morning we didnt have breakfast from the hotel. We had tender coconut now
We had tender coconut from the hotel itself and adjusted our breakfast. 
I cant understand how to go that side. Its so confusing. 
If you loose your way like this, you will have to face a lot of problems. 
Once we lost our way at Hong Kong. There was an escalator to go up a mountain. 
We saw a good looking escalator and went up. Then another and again went on it. 
Finally we reached a big place. 
I dont remember the correct center. It was long back. 
Then you dont have an escalator to come down. We had to catch a taxi. 
Had to spend 5000 rupees too. Will this end up like that?
This is the resort security. Look at their uniform. 
See how smart they look. They have free shuttle services to the beach. 
This is the same jeepny we caught at Manila 
This is more of standard It has AC in it. 
Did you see the beach from here? I saw. We are on a cliff. Its awesome. 
The security will open the door for us. 
Awesome. Look at this. Its an infinity pool 
Look at this. The pool area is around 1.5km away from the resort. 
This is the infinity pool of the resort. 
Its awesome. They have a coffe shop also here. Its too good. 
What an ambiance. Nothing to say. Just awesome. 
The people you see here are hotel guests. We will jump in soon. 
You can see the beach from here. Look at the colour of the sea. 
Look at this. Its awesome. I think here the sand is white in colour. 
May be thats why the beaches here are called white beach. 
In this beach you will have only hotel guests. Its a private beach. 
We can go down from here. There is another beach here too. Too good. 
They have made a lot of places to sit here. 
Can you see something there. Looks good. 
Ist it awesome. Do you think there is anything to say. Just awesome. 
Its so cheap here. We have booked this place for 3 days paying 17000/-
So much of facilities. When you compare this with Maldives, its very cheap.
The only difficulty is to reach Philippines. Everything here is cheap.
Food, drinks and many more is cheap here. 
Let us take a shower and jump into the pool. 
There is a shower just next to this pool. Infinity pool gives us a special ambience. 
We have jumped into this infinity pool. Its not deep. Many children are swimming here. 
If you are coming with your family, Philippines is surely a good destination and not bad at all
As I mentioned earlier, its very affordable. 
Awesome ambiance. Nothing to say. Just awesome. 
You have to use sunscreens and come here. Use the good strong ones, or you will suffer.
Its like paint. You have them in different types. 
I applied all that and now my mouth is burning. 
We will stay fair for a while. Its ok. 
We took a lot of photos from here. Its a place where you can take awesome pics. 
Many people go only to Manila when they come to Philippines. 
Then few other islands. But as I said, there are more than 7000 islands in Philippines. 
There are so many of them. But we are going to just 3-4 of them this time. 
If you want to enjoy beaches, do come.
Philippines is an awesome honeymoon destination too.
Regarding food, you get food that can be had at all places.  
You just have to teach them little cooking. Since its a tourist place, you get almost all
Lets take a dip and rise up. Lets dip together. 
The water of the pool is very good. I shall take video of you swimming. Go ahead. 
I shall take underwater video for you. Carry on. 
Now we shall take a bath and go. Too much wont be ok. Lets go to the beach next
Lets go. The shorts are wet. But its ok. 
When foreigners take a swim in the sea or pool, they lie down in the sun for a while. 
The lie straight and then sideways etc. Many say its for them to tan or get Vitamin D
Why dont we also lie down like that. 
We can dry our dress too. Its windy here. 
Always use pool dresses when you get down in water. It dries up fast. Lets go now. 
They will drop us at the main gate. 
When you reach the main gate, you can see many autos here. 
Take an auto and go to the town. 
Town is mainly the white beach area. Thats where we have to go. 
Lets take this green auto in front of us. 
They have awesome vehicles here. Its neat too. 
Manila vehicles werent this neat. 
This is a place filled with vibes. Last night when we came, it was 4 times the people you see now
I first want to buy slippers. The one I bought from Manila is with Venus. Forgot to take it
You have tourist police and many people here 
You dont have to worry. Everything is perfect here. 
There are a lot of restaurants here and many activities to do. 
This is white beach. Last day at the flight, captain had announce white beach on the left
Because we were on the right side, we couldnt see it. 
There is para gliding, para sailing and many beach activities here. 
We are planning to do island hopping at Palawan. There arent any big islands here
Those who would like to do island hopping, can do it there. 
White beach is very safe for swimming and beach activities. 
Its called white beach because its white in colour. 
Its white sand here. We shall get into the beach later
If we get down now, we till get tanned. Its full vibe here at nights. 
Look at the rush now itself. 
I dont understand how many people fry in here. How beautifully have they kept a small island
They have made tourists live.
I had mentioned at Thailand that Andaman n Lakshadweep are prettier than this
What to do for them. I feel sad when I think about it. 
How many people need job? Here in the island, all work. 
There are slippers here. It shows 1200/- Thats too expensive. 
1350 is too hight. We had bought it for 100 from there. 
What I bought for 100, they are selling for 1400 here. 
Too much. If you want to stay near white beach, you have lots of budget hotels and big resorts 
Resorts near the beach will be full. You may not have much of privacy. 
But it will be easy for you to get into the beach and do the activities. 
All these are hotels and the rooms are beach facing. 
It would be crowded and less privacy too.
All these places change at night and will be on full vibe. They turn to restaurants then. 
As I said, not slippers but others like food and drinks are not expensive. 
You get hotels also at a reasonable rate. 
People are going to the beach, then lying down here. You dont see cots in common places
You see them only at Private beaches. At Thailand, you get them for rent. But not here
I see people coming and lying down under the coconut tree. 
Feeling hungry. Standing on that tender coconut in the morning.
After coming to Philippines, our food is mango and tender coconut.
We are just surviving on them. 
There are other people like me wearing shoes at the beach. 
I have to buy a slippers soon.
This shop has slippers. Lets check out the rate. He has a lot of souvenirs here
We shall buy a souvenir. The slippers quality is not that good. 
You have massage parlours on top. Those who want Philippine massage can try it out
There are people who do tattoo. Many people attracting tourists are seen here. 
90% is bar and restaurants 
Rest are souvenirs and other shops. 
Its full of vibes. Can see beautiful souvenirs here. Its not too expensive. 
Only slippers is expensive here. These dresses are also cheap. 
Its just 200-300, They are all a 1 time use products 
Yesterday night we sat here for 15mts and left. It was full and nobody came to take an order
Now there is nobody here. I dont see anyone to bring fish.
Someone will come with yesterdays. Lets sit here and have food. 
They have nice lobster here. Will make it the way we want. 
500 Peso for 10g fish which is around 750 rupees. Its expensive. Lets see. 
Lets see if they cook it for us well. There are varieties of fish, potatoes 
In main course they have vegetables and any meat. Chicken, pork and any you want. 
I am showing the menu for people to understand what kind of food you get here
You get varieties of pizza which isnt expensive. Fish and chicken is a bit expensive
It depends on which shop you get in too. Thats how tourist places are 
You have all kinds of drinks. Its not expensive at all. 
Thats good. You will have this right? Now tell them how to cook it. 
They will make it for us the way we want it. What drinks to order?
The slipper they said 300 outside, I got it for 150 from a shop inside. 
They had a lot souvenirs too. I bought one of Boracay. 
If you go to shops inside you get things cheaper. 
The shorts and tshirts you see here are just 50-100 peso which is around 150 rupees. 
All those are cheap. Slippers are needed at a beach. So they are just hiking on the rate. 
You get a lot of single use t shirts. 
After having food, we shall come and buy few colourful t shirts. 
They are preparing our food there. I came to buy slippers in that gap. 
The Nike slippers I bought for 100 is with Venus. 
Our lobster is here well cooked and spicy. 
Its not at all like the way they showed us. This looks great now. 
Looks like a queen now. Nice. 
Awesome. They have brought a sauce too. Beef bulalah soup. 
Its made of beef sliced in soup. 
You have 2 sweet corn in it. 
Some green leaves and beans. 
They have brought an egg plant green salad too. 
Since we said we want it spicy, they brought 3 green chillies too. 
Our food is here. Now how do we eat this?
How can you eat this with chopsticks. We can ask for a spoon and fork
He will have only with chopsticks. When you have with your hands they will look at us. 
Dont bother who looks at us. We are relaxed, sitting in front of white beach and having food
Lets give them a hint on the thing thats going to come. 
We are going to hire a private jet and go to an island like Sam Chui.
Hiring a private jet with just we 2 and a captain. 
Like Mammootty, Mohanlal and Yousuf bhai, we are also hiring a private jet to go to an island
You will be seeing that in the coming days. 
The work behind that is going on 
We will be going only after Palawan. You can expect awesome videos. 
Do watch all the videos and send us your feedback. Let us have food. It will cool down
Its so heavy. 
The plate is heavy and not the fish. 
Lets postmortem this. He is using chopsticks and myself fork and knife. 
Since we said well done, they have cooked it well. The sauce isnt good. Fish is awesome
If not we bite into the green chilli
Are you going to eat the chilli?
Its awesome. Nice. 
Its nearly 5.30pm. The sun is about to set soon. Beach is getting crowded. 
Now the vibe has begun with music. Later this changes to DJ. 
Lets go the beach now. We relaxed for 2 hours and had food here. 
We are going to enter into the white beach 
Look at the crowd here. 
So many people in this island. 
You have a lot of activities here. The time we are here is a good one. 
Its just a small island and see how many people are here. 
The vibe has just begun. We should have come 10-15mts back. 
At night the tide is high and water reaches here. You can see people making mermaid
Look at that. The beach is very clean and has lots of people here. 
You have a lot of activities here. 
We will be doing that at another beach. We are getting into the white beach. 
Our flight flew above this beach that day. 
Most of the people are freaking out here. Most of them are with family 
So many of them. 
As I mentioned earlier, its a nice place for honeymoon. 
Its just amazing. 
The water is very cold. 
We have beautiful beaches in our place too.
You can see lovely beaches at different places. 
Crowded beaches have another vibe. 
So many people here and look at the hatches there. They have kayaking too. 
You have kayak for rent. You can then use it here 
Hope nobody will take our bags. Please keep an eye on it. 
There will be many eyes on taking the bag. 
I think the water is cold at this time. 
When I told you to come earlier, you said it was sunny. 
People taking photos with their phone. The island you see there, thats where our flight landed
White beach is around 2-3kms long
Its very crowded here, especially during weekends. Do you want a hatch.
It would be fun. 
Lot of things to do at the other island. Shall come here tomorrow and do some activities
The colour looks different and not like a boat
I loved the colour of the water. Look how pretty it is. 
There isnt waves. So you feel like you are in a swimming pool 
Beaches that are in a curve like this are the best to swim. 
You can swim here like in a swimming pool. 
Its very simple. The place I am standing is just this deep. 
Only if I go further down, its deeper. Its very safe here. 
Lot of life guards are seen here. So dont worry on that too. 
Our bags are there. Didnt you keep it near the tripod? Its there 
Some are sitting on a kayak and taking photoshoots. The people here do it for us
I think there are around 1 lakh people in this island. Nice is beyond our thoughts 
Usually you have sand on your body and shorts when you come out of the sea.
Here you dont have that issue since there is no sand
You can go and come like you swam in a swimming pool. 
The sand here is very light and doesnt get on to us. 
Thats why its called white sand beach.
Lets walk along side the beach. You have a lot of tourist police, the ones with shorts are them
Can see the beautiful sunset from here 
We had seen from Manila and many places. 
I am completely wet. Including my shorts and underwear. 
We didnt bring anything to change. Europeans and Englishers are smart in that. 
They come day time. They have time to dry it up. For us its evening. It wont dry. 
We are fools who came in the evening. 
You cannot see a single foreigner here now. Its full of Philippines. 
We havent seen a single Indian after coming here. 
I think we are the only Indians here 
All of them can see 2 Indians. 
All are looking at us. Thats a hotel near the beach, the District
I am sure it would be expensive. 
Its like the ones you see at Maldives. 
Maldives is highly expensive. Here its 1/5 here. 
While walking we saw a Chinese restaurant. All knows our boss has a weakness for it.
Was having just Philippine food, tender coconut and mangoes. 
I was having ripe mangoes from Thailand. 
We ordered a chicken. Its somewhat like chilli chicken. 
Chicken in lots of chilies. We ordered and had 1. It was tasty, so we ordered 1 more. 
Its so tasty to have it like this. 
Chinese food is awesome everywhere. 
Prawns also somewhat like this. Its supposed to have more chillies actually.
We taught them to make it like this. 
They dont have it in the menu. We asked them to prepare prawns the same way and its here
Can we have this with the shell?.
No, you have to remove it.
How to have this now
You have to take it and eat only the inside part.
So I have to use my hands now, right?
We dont need the cover. We shall remove it with our hand and eat. 
Those who find it difficult to use their hand, they will be given small plastic gloves. 
Its very hot. 
Saheerbhai, you said its full of party here at night and started the video.
But nothing to be seen today. What happened?
You saw it yesterday but didnt shoot then. What can I do?
I woke and brought you here when you were sleeping. 
Lets go there and see. Sometimes it might be there 
I should have shot yesterday. I enjoyed the party and couldnt shoot. Lets go and see.
Dont we have to buy tshirt?
This is the place where we had lobster from in the afternoon. 
Look at the vibe now with music. Isnt it great?
We took a lot of t-shirts from here. They have many. 
She has given us many good t-shirts. 
2200? That would be too much
She said 500 or so for a 300 t-shirt. Let me bargain and reduce it. 
All ran away. Why did you say 2 Million?
Let it be.
We shouldnt say that. It will sound in another way
We can say 1.7 Million. Thats ok. 
I am making all of them subscribe. 
Are all 7 in it?
Thats just mine. 3 are here
You Tubers have a good image. You shouldnt tell all that we are You Tubers.
We take videos in a natural way. The moment you say we are You Tubers, they like us
Otherwise it will be another aspect. 
But they didnt give us any reduction. 
We didnt say that for a discount. 
But we got 2 subscribers. 
Shall we order 2 small. I think it will be good. 
These are not original. Its like what we saw in China. Dummies
This is how they attract people to it. 
Its name is Halomango. You can either sit in and have to take a parcel. We are taking it. 
Its a machine way. It will have mango flavour and they will top it with mango pieces
Awesome. Look at it. 
Its a mango flavoured ice cream with mango pieces at the bottom. 
Its very sweet. 
You stand away from there. People will think you are a sticker with red t shirt. 
We had food and ice cream. Now we are walking towards the road. 
We have to catch an auto and go to the room now. 
I think the rate goes high at night. We paid 100 to come here and now its 150 to go back. 
Its ok. There is a mall, City Mall in front of our hotel. Seeing it now. 
I saw it yesterday, you didnt. 
We enjoyed our night life last night and bought these t-shirts from there. 
Nice material and nice to wear. 
How is the island?
Its awesome. You dont feel like going back. 
Boracay is an awesome island. 
Its called Bora and Boracay 
Do come and try it out. We will be here for 1 more day. 
We will be exploring some food and go for some activities. You can see it tomorrow. 
After that we will be going to an awesome place called Palawan. 
Stay tuned for awesome videos. Until then bye bye. 
