Andjobe presents
People: 7.2 billion
Zombies: 650 million
Philippines
An island nation with a population of 115 million people.
Events in China and Vietnam forced the government
to take action.
International airports in Manila and other cities are closed.
External flights are not accepted.
Curfew, reinforced military patrols, and checkpoints
are implemented to maintain order
and identify small groups of infected individuals.
The region around the capital has been resettled to reduce
population density and the likelihood
of uncontrolled and mass infection.
Virus-free zones have been established on the islands
of Palawan, Cebu, and Masbate. 
Their elongated shape allowed for the segregation of zones for easier control.
people who have passed a thorough screening 
and a two-week quarantine are placed in these zones
It seemed that the island location of the country 
would be an advantage in controlling the zombie hordes from the mainland
But...
China. Not far from the coast
Come on, you want some more. I got enough for everyone...
aaaaa....
We are losing control.
We need to get out of here!
Everyone retreat to the port!
 Hundreds of ships with thousands of refugees from China headed to the islands.
Police and the military tried to prevent the ships from reaching the islands, 
but the interception were 
not significantly successful
Most of the ships landed on the northwest part of Luzon Island.
The infection spread rapidly, 
and the military could not hold back the zombies and retreated
across the Cagayan River to the east
and the base in Baguio City to the south.
Mount Sicapoo and the surrounding forests were subjected
to scorched earth tactics to slow down the advancement of the infected
and prevent the breeding of zombie eggs in the future.
What?! 
How did this end up here!?
Oh my God... is that brains?!
Oh shit...
Help...
Aaaa!!
What the hell is going on here?!?!
What are you doing here?!
You brought the infection with you, you will kill us all!
We must not let them advance further into the island.
There are too many of them,
I can't tell who is a zombie and who is a human...
Damn it...
HQ.
Prepare fortifications on the Cagayan River, we are retreating.
Copy that.
We need to burn the forest behind us,
it will slow them down.
Prepare napalm.
A cruise liner crashed in Dasol Bay.
It was later discovered that there were 4000 people
on board who turned into zombies
Due to the tense situation in the north of the island
no one noticed the ship and the infected freely made their way to Angeles
infecting local settlements and annexing
the forests of Manleluag Spring National Park.
The army received reports of the infected in this region
and applied a scorched earth tactic to it.
The island of Luzon is on fire. 
 Forest fires spread rapidly.
The wind from the north carried smoke to the south,
 exacerbating the evacuation and creating major problems for the uninfected people.
Despite the flight ban
several passenger liners left Clark International Airport
 heading to Indonesia and Australia.
Whether there were infected on board is unknown.
