New PSY video NEW FACE. I already checked out, I love it. Go check it out.
And right now. Oh if you're lost and you can't find the MV I got you. Link in description down below.
Go to the description I prolly have a link for you and you can find it.
I'm just sayin'  just sayin'
But PSY NEW FACE I already checked out "I LUV IT" (PSY'S other song). And I pretty much love it.
But what do you expect from PSY? When you hear a PSY song and music video, you kinda have an idea what to expect. It's gonna be something crazy, something funny.
And you know, PSY just being PSY.
But anyways, let's get in this, let's begin.
Hi JRE, this is Julia from England. I'm a massive fan of your videos. I'm absolutely kpop trash.
Thank you so much for your videos and play my intro.
New face? This is interesting title by the way. New face let's go.
New face, rated 15.
Who is that girl?
How she look familiar?
He's putting on- He's putting subtitles this time.
Oh she's a new girl.
New face. Oh damn she got-
What?
Oh he's everybody.
He's lowkey stalking in a way.
Who is this girl?
Feel like I've seen your face.
Oh my god.
It's gonna kill me.
I was gonna say
Isn't that the girl from Apink?
I may be wrong. It could be another girl group.
What's her name?
kinda dance-
He is so extra!
Naneun? Noeun? Naeun? Is it right?
New face, new face
Damn he the cook, he's everybody.
Oh damn, that's-
Oh my god
Do it, do it
He is everyone.
Imagine PSY with long hair
That's how he would look like. Would you..nah
how'd I know
No it is Las Vegas I just realized this.
She's so pretty tho. It is the girl, right? That I talked about.
he was like
a lot of thrustin'
She's so cute tho.
new face
Damn he goes in tho PSY when he does a move? Whatever it is, he puts the extraness into it.
Is that from like an outlook song?
hey we- wasn't the original like
hey we want some booty, somethin like
Okay I'll stop
so cute
He took out all of Las Vegas.
He is always jumping into water, wet PSY.
PSY coming in with an extraness I swear.
But I feel I like that he is extra you know.
Extra+ordinary
Yo how you feeling new face? I just heared I love it, a new face.
It's what I expect from PSY and what I expect from  PSY mvs, entertaining. You gonna watch it more than once that's for sure.
I feel like he puts so much-
I don't know if he puts so much talent into it. But you know it's just PSY's personality.
He is genius.
I feel like
How PSY? How you doing? Doing you-
That's PSY. You're killin' it. I swear. PSY always get
you know I remember once everybody was like all tired of PSY but no
it's refreshing I feel like.
Anyways y'all thank you guys for watching
like this video, share this video, subscribe
I've new video that interview with KARD.
So chillin' with KARD
go check it out.
Link in description. I'll put the link in the end of the video.
Listen to kpop it feels good. Listen to music in general it feels good and keep on dreamin'
Dream, believe, do, repeat.
If you have a dream out there
put some hardworking to it and it might just come true.
Link to the mv in description down below.
Go check it out.
and...
yeah
See you next time everybody.
Bye for now.
Y'all is okay if I leave tiny TOP with you, right?
It's cool?
