Welcome back to the channel guys. 
It's drew nation and it's mommy drew  
in the reaction room. But, i have a guest today 
guys... We have... Mike... mike in the house.
Mike, he is from drew and mike. They have 
their own youtube channel. Go visit them.  
Check them out because mommy drew asked you to. 
So, why is mike in my reaction room today guys?  
I'm going to be reacting to a brand new song 
artist and i just thought it was going to be  
cool to invite him to be in here with me tonight 
because his hair kind of looks like mine...
Yeah, if you're new to our channel sit back relax 
and if you have fun then what did i gotta do?  
Subscribe and hit...hit that like button and the 
notification bell so you know when to come back to  
have more fun. That's right... Bam... slam that 
red subscription button and turn about all the  
way gray. Spam the comment box with all of the 
reactions you guys want to see me do and if you  
guys want to see this fella back in the reaction 
room with me let me know down in the comments. All  
right so, i'm not going to waste any more of your 
time guys. We're going to be reacting tonight to  
a filipino song artist performed on the wish 
bus and his name is EZ MIL. That's what he  
calls himself. I've learned that EZ MIL stands 
for easy millions... guess he got it like that.  
I want it like that too y'all. Anyway we're about 
to get into this. Let me tell you i saw this guy's  
face on a thumbnail and i looked at it i 
did a double take. I thought he was six  
nine. He kind of reminded... like when i looked 
at it real quick... I was like is that six nine.  
I kind of have a liking for six nine guys... might 
not believe that but i do. So, he intrigued me and  
i have to go listen to him. I like six nine, six 
nine's cool dude... Any which way on the count of  
three, we're gonna smash the play button and we're 
gonna get right into this reaction ... Reaction,  
yeah, reaction! Here we go. One, two, and 
three and let's big her up, and three...
When he started out... what 
you thought he was gonna sing?  
What do you mean? Don't sound like he was speaking 
spanish and he sound like he was gonna do like a  
plank, plang, plang, plang, pling, plang, plang 
he was like pineapple whatever he said. What did  
he say... i don't know what he said, so i was 
surprised that he started spitting some rhymes,  
but he's sounding good. Yeah, the... i will say 
the beat is good, but i when he first said um  
i don't remember what he said in the beginning 
i think he said let's go. I thought he was gonna  
rap... let's listen to it again, let's listen 
to it again. I wanna hear it again because i  
was interested i thought he was gonna sing... you 
can see what i mean... it sounds like he was gonna  
say something like he something like...start out 
latin singing or something like... 
Like latin singing our something.  No, sounds like he said papaya...Papaya! Yeh, I was like what is he going to sing about? Ok, see, hear that? Sounds Latin right?
So I thought he was going to bust something latin. So he caught me off guard. Alright...Papaya!
You know what i like? I love to hear? 
When people rap in a different language.  
It's interesting... yes, to me 
it's better than english rapping.  
I don't think it's better ...yes dude it's better. It is better 
than english rapping to me. Hey here we go.
You know he sound bad! You know he sound bad! He putting his people on the map for real. I did not expect that out of him.
Check this out... because he bad... this is what 
i tell you he started out singing in his native  
tongue and then you switch it up to english. 
I bet you he is going to switch it back again.  
I like when to do that. He is probably 
gonna... like when they do that...  
he is probably going to do that multiple 
times...here we go. What he's sounds good.
You know what i mean.
Do it boy.
That was hot. That was hot... When he said
Boom, boom, boom that was good. Listen, 
i could i can enjoy a good rap and that  
was good. I wish i had subtitles for some of 
the stuff he's saying because i didn't have the  
subtitles on, but the rhythm. The way he was 
spitting the rhymes. He was good. I couldn't  
spot. I could not understand everything but 
obviously... yeah. Obviously he's singing  
about filipino pride. He's proud to be a 
filipino. People looked down on him before.  
He ain't born with no silver spoon, but boom 
he's about to have millions. That was good.
That part reminded me of six nine. Hey, if you 
guys enjoyed that what do they gotta do? Boop  
hit that thumbs up... That's right. Hey if 
you had fun in this reaction room with mike  
and i then you gotta hit 
the red subscription button.  
Turn the bell all the way gray. Spam the 
comment box with all of your suggestions.  
Make sure you follow us on the gram. Go hit 
up mike on his channel. This is mommy drew  
signing out from the reaction room saying D to 
the D to the D to the D nation ...out ...bye.
