How are you guys?
we are going to be showing you my reaction 
to the long-awaited jollibee commercials
I know there are a lot of people requesting our reaction to Jollibee commercials
Now, this is the time to watch it. 
Let's get started.
The first video is "Apart"
yes
let me guess jollibee brings everyone together 
we're back together. we'll see i don't know
is that like that right person wrong time kind 
of thing? i don't know because it was a year  
it was a year ago. yeah a year ago. i'm sorry i 
can't you said i was gonna cry i'm not crying  
i'm laughing. what do you think about the video? it 
happens to some not to all.
all right second video what? Vow. Vow.
high hopes all right one two three  
let me guess jollibee's at the reception too
she's pretty  
for the fries
Are you going to cry on our wedding day?
that's sad. friend zoned.
that hurt me i'm sorry bro
my heart hurts for that man. Awe
that poor guy i feel so bad for him  
that was so sad. is it sad? so what's 
your reaction in that second video
i'll be his wingman i'll help him find someone  
so third video. what if there was no relationship 
there was just like constant best friends  
oh that sucks because it looked like she was 
leading more oh yeah that's cruel one-sided love  
i love you. i love you too. thank you 
for not letting it be one-sided
the third video is "date"
date. date. my accent date
that's sweet. that's really sweet  
that's sad
but imagine the kid just smiling but  
deep inside is really sad he's very 
strong. he's very strong that's sad
that's true love right there 
that had to hurt for both of them
i'm speechless. you can't ever leave me 
don't even joke about it what do you think about  
that last video that was so 
sad but that was beautiful
plot twist the first two videos. i knew it had to 
be something like that with him i mean not either  
um the husband was gonna be like super late 
or something or like distracting her while  
the kid set up or it had to be like he was 
gone or something i thought that the kid  
was just gonna you know have a date night with 
her mom that was good. that was sweet. all right
she cried
first one was hilarious second one 
was major plot twist third one was  
heartbreaking so when it comes 
like family it's very sad
especially with mom. mom dad kids family
so that's
I did not expect that she's going to cry
I thought she is going to be smiling on these videos
i was saying that i wasn't expecting 
that you're gonna cry because you were  
just laughing in the first two 
videos well the first one was
break up get back together kind 
of stuff like the second one was  
friend-zone pain i feel the man that hurts and she 
was obviously leading them on i totally thought  
they were in a relationship with how she kept how 
they were. did that happen to you before? oh yeah  
friend zone oh yeah who no you friendzoned them 
or. no i got friends what i may have accidentally  
friendzoned. someone but i don't know no one's ever 
confessed their undying love for me or anything  
i don't know. well you were still young at that 
time. yeah what do you mean i'm still young  
baby face. okay talking about 
that people think i look 14.
you look 13.
rude just kidding you look 20 plus  
now i know you're lying to me it's okay you don't 
look 24 at all. i look what? 16. i'm just kidding
that is all for today's video it 
might be super short but that's okay
if you guys have any suggestions for videos that will make us cry please send them to us. 
I love you
so that's it for the video. video. say 
video. video say that's it for the video no  
not do it no no do it say that. nope. no say it 
that's it. no do it no just do. it that to be all
thank you guys for watching and please comment 
down below if you guys have any suggestions for  
any videos that you guys want her to react thank 
you for the love and support and we love you guys  
we hear the word term like fan but we think of 
you guys like family that's why we're just us
I love you. I love you too
