Good morning! We are up and we are ready to cook some food today! We thought it would be  
the perfect opportunity to learn more about Filipino food because besides - you know - lechon
and a few other items, we didn't really know so much coming in. So we booked this class 
with Isi. We are actually gonna head over to her apartment nearby and cook up  
some delicious Filipino food (that's not pork) with her!
Learn more about the culture and the food. Can't wait!
So we're gonna head down to the elevator right now and head over there!
We're gonna be doing a few Filipino dishes that I learned from my grandmother.
Ah!
One is Tortang Talong so that's eggplant omelette, but most of the time they would put pork or you know shrimp in there.
Yeah, okay!
We're gonna be starting off with the Adobong Manok sa Gata so that's chicken adobo cooked in coconut milk!
Adobo is not Spanish - that's really Filipino because adobo means cooking in vinegar or marinating in vinegar.
Wow!
That word came from Spanish with the word adobar which is also meaning marinating in vinegar.
And then lastly we have prawns and some pumpkin and some green beans and some of these swing beans.
These are called cigarillas.
Interesting, wow look at that!
this is the string beans...  - I have never seen beans like this before!
Those are long string beans!
So it is like string beans but with wings!
Okay!!!
I do have the milk fish (the bangus) that's the national fish of the Philippines, of course!
That's awesome!
Sounds amazing!
All this amazing food without pork which you know...
Philippines eat more that pork!
I know, right? Pork came from China!
Before coming to the Philippines, they were warning me like "oh you're gonna be hungry there! There's literally like nothing to eat!"
or "they put pork in everything, you can't eat anything!"
I am like "What are you talking about? I'm having such an amazing time!"
This is the the pumpkin. Oh that's pumpkin!
When you go here in the Philippines, a pumpkin and some squash and over here we just all call it calabasa... - Calabasa? Interesting.
It's the whole pumpkin family then! -Yes!
What are we cooking first?
The adobo chicken! - Okay!
I'm like a million times worse at cutting Tomatoes than Gokce, but...
That's okay. It comes with practice!
This is what.... Every time I make a salad at home, this is what happens also!
Well as much as I'm getting this class, you are getting this class too! -Yeah!
I don't know why but when I look at you, you get hotter and hotter!
It must be the apron! [Music]
All right my belly cut tomato is ready!
So yeah. You can see Gokce's work actually...
No I think it's fine.
Not terrible.
There's no "perfect" here! [Music]
Yeah so it's just sweet beans! yeah I don't know sometimes we make a salad out of this as well and we just blanch them.   
Is it Filipino specific? - Yeah
It's part of the song, "the Filipino farmer song"
[Music]  
This is just ginger for the adobo, because adobo has so many types, not just the one that  
you always see online. Like oh adobo with like soy sauce and vinegar.
The adobo is garlic, vinegar, and then the Chinese influence is the soy sauce.
But the main ingredient t(he most important) is really the vinegar.
So it has to be vinegary like a sour [Music]
it already looks so colorful in there!
What kind of oil did we use? Just olive oil, but uh we also use coconut oil. - Okay!
Of course I grew up among olive trees so olive is like everything to me!
I love olives!
This excites me actually... and it smells so good!
Once you cook the chicken you just put like a little water this is already adobo!
Yeah very much!
Oh! Is this from the can?
No no I got this fresh.
Wow, look at that!
When you say "Ginataang", it means you are cooking in coconut milk.
This looks just so incredible. I'm glad I played a small part in this...
But I mean the coconut milk... I know already that this is just gonna be amazing and it's gonna taste  amazing!
Smells so good
Yeah it smells... oh yeah! You could smell it just kind of like boiling off right into your nostrils! It's so good!
I put ginger in my mouth!
That's what you get for pulling something out of the pot!
I don't know what I was thinking!
Would you like to have some water or some juice, or beer? I have beer!
It's Five O'Clock Somewhere! It's Five O'Clock somewhere.
Our favorite beer! San Miguel Brewery is the first ever Brewery here in Asia.
Ah in Asia! I mean there are all these beers coming from other countries, especially the German beer...
Yeah Belgian...
Yeah but still... San Miguel. 
San Miguel is the way to go!
San Miguel - not an ad!
Not sponsored - YET!
Are we going to toss the calamansi in here?
No we are going to squeeze them.
Ah it's cut off! - It is fine
We can fix it!
All right
Nice Gökçe!
[Music]
Smells so good and we are so hungry [Music]  
I'm just gonna try to pickle a little bit because I'm curious
Yes it is very sweet pickle though, very very 
sweet pickle! - Yeah it is a sweet pickle.
I like it! Where should we start?
You guys can start with omelets or you can start with the...
The Omelette! I think omelette is gonna be the first thing...
We are so used to eggs first of course in the morning as an American! You know!
Yeah psychologically we're thinking that's the first thing we should eat!
Agh! Even the way that I'm putting this on my plate is messy!
Wow! I love tomatoes in my omelette and this is definitely like very very heavy tomato and eggplant mix. 
and I really really enjoyed! I think you're gonna love eggplant!
I've been eyeballing these prawns they are so big! Juicy looking! Oh my goodness, check that out! 
Let me get some of that the coconut milk and everything that was cooked into the fish sauce...
Good luck eating the prawn or at least cleaning it!
It's not easy to take out the shell...
Nope!
20 minutes later...
All right, well that was an adventure trying to clean this, but it's finally ready for me to eat! [Music]
Incredible, oh my God, it's so good!
Isi makes this extremely well but you know with great assistant chefs today! [Music]
Now I'm very excited for chicken because it's adobo!
Yeah, you can literally taste the coconut and the veggies all together and I love black  
pepper (putting black pepper on my chicken)
and she did the same thing! And wow, this is just amazing!
She made it with olive oil maybe that's why I love it extra because olive oil is the best!
What kind of fish is this? It's bangús. It is what we call in English. It's milk fish!
So it's a national fish of the Philippines!
The national fish of the Philippines! It is the most famous!
No pressure for me to like this, right? At all!
But no, I'm sure this is going to be really really good [Music] 
This is the song, this is the farmer song!
Awesome! Perfect time to eat this!
That's an approving face yeah!
Everything has been amazing here. I think I like this better than the prawns and
usually I'm a big prawn/ shrimp person but this is really good!
Oh my God! I was so excited to have calamansi cheesecake, not calamansi pie is even better!
I'm very excited for this because ever since I got to the Philippines, this very little lemon is being my favorite thing!
A dessert with it is so exciting! Did you make it?
No, a friend of mine makes it! 
She cheated!
But she gave me the recipe! I let her, of course, I want to promote her business!
Her, my friend's, name is Irna - she makes this! The best calamansi pie in the universe!
Wow it's so fresh! I feel like I actually have the whole calamansi fruit in my mouth
squeezed with some something sweet with it. It's really good, did she just make it this morning?
No, yesterday. Wow, it's extremely fresh. 
She sometimes goes to my house to pick calamansi.
Wow! So it is from it is from your garden then!
Yes!
Okay, my turn!
Wow it cuts so easily just straight through with the crust even! Sometimes you dig into like  
one of these pies and the crust is like hard and rocky, so this is off to a great start for sure!  
Extremely fresh, isn't it? - It's so fresh. It is a perfect crumble on the crust and yes, there's  
like the soury taste that kind of sticks around on your tongue after, but it's not overpowering.  
It still tastes like an incredibly sweet and delicious dessert. It's pretty good.
Even though eating food is so delicious, sometimes 
when you're making it and when you're  
smelling it and you're actually touching all the ingredients of the cuisine that you want  
to indulge yourself into, (and learning why it's important to Filipino culture)
Exactly, and for each ingredient - why is it important,  where does it is come from?
It was a whole learning process, and it was so meaningful. I'm so glad we did this!
Yep and we'll give Isi's information down in the description below of course
Of course so you could book it too! - Yeah
Thank you!
I will give you a hug - thank you!
Thank you so much!
Just off of our plane here in Singapore and we are staying close by to Singapore's Chinatown 
and we decided the best way to get our foot on the ground here in Singapore is  
by eating some delicious Chinese food here in Chinatown, but not just at any restaurant.
We're going straight to the Hawker stations!
Yeah with the prawn it tastes so much better! I guess it was the fish ball or whatever I ate earlier that was not  
my type of fish, but prawn is my fish and I mean it's not a fish but my Seafood!
