So the next bit of news ah this has been a
topic for a while
and ah it is something that we see denials
for within the year .Since we do a lots of
business with the Philippines with fiancee
visas, spousal visas ahm Philippines is one
of the few country in the world to give you
a little bit of the history that it's really
hard to get a divorce.
Specially if you are married to a catholic
church, so they called it an annulment going
to take the process take years its really
expensive for an average Filipino its pretty
limited to the wealthy or if you are willing
to bank roll an annulment for your fiancee.
It's really difficult so a poplar route was
people would convert to Islam and then get
a divorce because of this cheaper and faster
and in the Philippines it's kinda accepted,
they let it go through really the government
is really the person you are talking to upon
the counter and they will let it through and
people were trying that and getting all the
way to the interview with the US embassy in
Manila and then getting a denial.
So we started here about this we had congretional
inquiry we have for our spousal visa for one
customer, fiance visa for the other and they
both were denied.
Kyle was putting up one of the denial letters
from the councilors you can see that green
box in the middle of the page specifically
goes into which part of the law they're sticking
to in the US embassy.
So ah like I said earlier if you try to do
things the quick way get that easy solution
and just get moving on a lot of times it comes
back to bite you and we've seen as you put
all this time in effort into stress and
and getting your hopes up that your almost done with the process is already long enough
you already interviewed just walk away with denial. And you still have to get the annulment.
Or it goes to the right way, so an easy way to think of it is
if you married in civil court which is catholic there they you have to get annuled in civil court.
If you get married in sharia court or Islam court then you can get divorced in Islam court.
That's just the easiest way to look at it and that is how they base it all along.
Yeah! that's right and people have ah I'll use the term gott'n away with it in the past
but as always with any of these ah kinda end run around the role things the early adoptors
but doesn't take the government the long that wise up to it and then they shut it down
so, so again just do it the right way
