Hello there, and welcome to Foodie Legends,
your go-to source for the best foods to eat
around the world and its history.
In our previous video, we had a glimpse of
the Philippine’s tastiest noodle dishes
and we are not yet ready to leave this wonderful
country!
We're gonna make another detour to the Philippines
to have a taste of their heartwarming soups!
Before we dive in, don’t forget to hit the
Subscribe and Notification Bell, so you guys
can catch up to our latest food journeys.
Without anything further to do, let’s go!
Food 1- Bulalo
Coming in first on our list is the Bulalo-
a Filipino beef dish native to Southern Luzon.
There are many tales trying to explain where
bulalo specifically came to existence.
Many people claim that this soup dish originally
came from Batangas, a place known for its
many takes on bulalo.
Meanwhile, there are others who refute this
theory, stating that bulalo actually came
from Tagaytay, a place popular for its cold
climate, and it has a lot of cows.
Bulalo is a popular fiesta delicacy because
it has a refreshing taste which cleans the
palate after you eat the stronger-flavored
dishes on the top of our list, and it is very
easy to prepare, although it requires patience
to produce a delicious pot of bulalo.
Its soup has a very light color, which is
made of boiling beef shanks and bone marrows
for several long hours until the collagen
melts and becomes part of the broth.
Once the meat is very soft, it is seasoned
with whole peppercorns, fish sauce, ginger,
garlic, scallions, and onions.
Then leafy vegetables are added such as bok
choy or cabbages.
Corn on the cob, potatoes, carrots, or taro.
You can sip from a bowl of bulalo, eaten with
a steaming plate of rice, and you can dip
the meat on a saucer filled with calamansi
(Philippine lime), chilis, and soy sauce.
Or you can just eat the meat and sip the soup
as it is.
Normally eaten in fiestas as a hangover soup,
bulalo is just as good as a regular day dish,
although cooking it requires extreme patience.
After all, good things come to those who wait!
Food 2- Sinigang
Next on our list is indisputably one of the
dishes that is easily recognizable as a "Filipino
dish" in the international community.
Next to lechon and adobo, this bowl of soup
is one of the heralds of Filipino cuisine
outside the country.
Coming in second in our list is the Sinigang,
a Filipino sour stew.
Sourness plays a huge role in Filipino gastronomy.
It is an appetizing flavor profile, and they
often use it to complement other flavors such
as sweetness, saltiness, or spiciness.
Acidity also helps to temper the fattiness
and richness of a certain dish, and sourness
truly serves that purpose in sinigang.
Although popularly known all over the country
and each region has their interpretation of
the dish, it is believed that sinigang is
Tagalog in origin.
Sinigang was derived from the Tagalog verb,
"sigang", which means "to stew".
There are many souring agents that can be
used for sinigang such as unripe mangoes,
and guavas, but the most associated sour fruit
with sinigang is the sampalok, or tamarind.
It has a distinct sour flavor that amplifies
the soup really well.
Meanwhile, you can add various proteins in
sinigang such as pork, beef, shrimps, or milkfish.
Vegetables are also added to temper the heartiness
of the meat like kangkong or water spinach,
radish, onions, tomatoes, eggplants, okras,
yardlong beans, long green chili peppers,
and taro roots.
Fish sauce is the preferred seasoning to the
soup, although salt is a good alternative
as well.
Sinigang is a highly-respected soup in the
Philippines that became the world's best soup
in TasteAtlas last 2021.
A true testament on the merits of this hot
bowl.
Food 3- Kansi
Coming in third on our list is the Kansi,
a rich bowl soup that we may consider as a
combination of the first two soup dishes on
our list, but at its core, a unique dish in
its own.
You're about to know why.
Kansi is a sour beef soup that originated
in the Western Visayas Region, and a popular
dish to eat when you visit Iloilo and Bacolod
City.
It is made by boiling beef shanks and bone
marrow for hours, soured by a fruit that is
native only to the region, known as "Batuan''.
Because of this, kansi is fondly nicknamed,
"Sinigang na bulalo'' in the Tagalog regions,
because as we have said earlier, it is like
a fusion of sinigang and bulalo.
However, while sinigang has a lot of vegetables
in it, kansi on the other hand is on the meatier
side, although it can be cooked with some
unripe jackfruit.
Kansi also has a deeper flavor, enhanced by
lemongrass, onion, ginger, labuyo peppers,
and fish sauce.
Because batuan is a hard fruit to find outside
Bacolod and Western Visayas in general, it
has a smaller fanbase all around the country,
but many people are already growing their
love for this Visayan soup.
Food 4- Larang
Are you looking to skip off land meat for
a while?
If so, then our next pick might just be the
right one for you.
Coming in number four on our list is Larang,
a comforting fish soup from Visayas.
Also known as "Linarang" or "Nilarang", Larang
is a fish stew originating from the Central
Visayas Region, particularly in Cebu- the
oldest city in the Philippines.
The word liarang is an affixed form of the
Cebuano word, "larang" which means to "stew
with coconut milk and spices".
Although the most traditional way of cooking
larang is by stewing it the way it is described,
some recipes do not actually use coconut milk,
but prefer to cook it as a straight-up sour
soup.
The fish is sauteed with garlic, red onions,
and tomatoes.
It is then mixed with tausi, or fermented
black beans.
Chilis and tamarind extract are added for
extra flavor, and water is added to make its
classic broth.
Salt can be added, although caution must be
taken since tausi is already a salty ingredient.
There are lots of fish that can be used for
this dish, such as parrotfish, stingray, and
Spanish mackerel are the typical larang staples.
However, some larang cooks like to use exotic
kinds of fish such as the tagotongan, also
known as porcupine fish, earning its name
because it looks like, well… a porcupine.
In Cordova, Cebu, they like using moray eels,
known in its local name as "bakasi".
Although known as baby eels for their small
size, this type of eel is actually a full-grown
adult- an abundant species of fish in the
area.
In fact, this type of larang, known as "Nilarang
na bakasi", was featured in a Netflix show
titled, "Street Food", featuring various world
cuisines away from the spotlight of luxury.
Food 5- Utan Bisaya
Coming in number five on our list is a great
alternative for our fellow foodies out there
looking for a healthier alternative: the Utan
Bisaya.
Easy to prepare and a cacophony of colors
and flavor, Utan Bisaya may not be as famous
or as decadent as the other soup dishes in
today's episode, but we can guarantee you
that it's just as good.
Also known with its alternative name as "Law-uy",
Utan Bisaya was originally conceived as a
poor man's soup, made with any type of vegetables
available in your backyard, or what you can
buy with the limited budget that you have.
Utan Bisaya is prepared by simmering vegetables
such as squash, eggplants, okra, taro, spinach,
yardlong beans, and other vegetables you can
think of, seasoned with salt and flavored
by herbs such as onions, tomatoes, ginger,
or lemongrass.
You can also enhance its taste by adding small
chunks of meat and fish, as typical with most
Filipino vegetable dishes.
Best eaten with a side dish of fried fish,
dried fish, or just a small saucer of fish
paste, Utan Bisaya may be a frugal soup in
origin, but it eventually became a well-known
Filipino dish, prepared in homes as a healthy
alternative, especially after a night of decadent
meat-eating and drinking party.
Thanks again for tuning in with us here at
Foodie Legends for our latest episode.
I hope you enjoyed this video and got a nice
taste into the well-loved soup dishes that
the Philippines has to offer!
Before you go, be sure to LIKE this video
and CLICK THE SUBSCRIBE BUTTON for more delicious
content every week!
We’d love to hear your thoughts too, so
leave a comment below to let us know what
your favorite part of the video was or if
you want to just leave us with a few thoughts!
You guys are awesome, thanks again for watching,
See you on the next one!
