Hey Guys... Fight Commentary Breakdowns Here
And today, I got a fighter request.
This guy's name is Jonathan Ring or
Jonathan Junte Ring, he's Swedish
And he saw our
Coverage of the three versus three fight that
came out of the Philippines
this was Jonathan, he actually fought in the Philippines for at least a year
and he actually fought the
Skip Leg day dude in the three-on-three fight
so Jonathan wanted me to watch
his fight against the skip leg day dude
"LoveHandles" His teammate, of course and
He wanted to see my reactions etcetera so this is skip Leg day dude and
Of Course he's representing the Philippines
fighting out of D Elements
They are fighting at welterweight, by the way, so
This occurred in
2017, in the spring, in
Pampanga, Philippines
And
unlike all The Swedish fighters in the TFC
Jonathan is trained, so maybe one day he could fight in the TFC
also guys, I will link
Jonathan's Instagram so you could check him out.
and so the ref separates them
and they're gonna start
[laugh]
The Ref was pointing to the Cameraman
Step down from the cage here they go
Jonathan Goes in aggressive
Forward Momentum...Kick...Great Block...he anticipated Skip Leg Day's right
Great blocks...Those Little...Great Kick...another Great Kick
Another great leg kick and Skip Leg Day's swinging some punches
Jonathan Is much taller; he's probably got a bigger reach too.
It's the Swedish Viking blood
and this is gonna go to his advantage
Skip Leg Day swinging some good swings too
That's not good...don't drop your hands, Skip Leg Day
Oh...that was....
Jonathan might have gotten hit a few times
Great Kick! Wow!
I hope they replay that
He did a Fake...he did a Fake body Kick and then he he kicked up
Kicked his chin...good yeah...They're gonna replay it
See watch this...fake Body and then Foosh
Bam...right to the chin. Good job Jonathan.
so Jonathan won this fight in
47 Seconds...Wow that's pretty good man
And
Thank you so much Jonathan for sending us this fight
This was a great fight and
Jonathan Congrats on your victory
And
For anyone else who does MMA who wants to get on this channel
Just send us your fights and we will watch them
Thank you guys so much for watching
This Was Fight Commentary Breakdown and shout out to the Channel that had this fight it's called
The Poly....
The PoliTikalon Blog i will link It in the description
All right...Thank you guys so much...bye bye.
