When you think Filipino food, first thing
in your head is probably chicken adobo.
Today I'm gonna show you how to make
moist and tender chicken adobo, with a
fun little ingredient I like to add in
the end.
Obviously any Filipino is gonna
tell you that their mom or grandma makes
the best adobo, but from what I've
learned even choosing the type of
vinegar can give you a completely
different flavor in your adobo so
there's potentially hundreds of ways you
can whip it up. So here's my chicken
adobo recipe and I hope you enjoy it as
much as my friends and family do. First
let's start with garlic. I usually like
to go crazy with garlic but we can just
start off with two in this recipe. All
you need to do to the garlic is smash it,
separate the skin, and then we're gonna
throw in the pan just like this. Next
grab a pot and then heat about two
tablespoons of avocado oil over medium
heat. Take about five whole peppercorns
and then two large bay leaves - mine are a
little broken up so I took a little bit
more - throw in your garlic, your
peppercorns, and your bay leaves together
and sauteé just until the garlic starts
to sweat a little bit. Next take two
pounds of chicken thighs or chicken
drumsticks and sauteé them in the pan
until they've browned a little bit. I
always opt for chicken thighs or chicken
drumsticks because in my opinion they
lend a lot more flavor than chicken
breasts. All right so that should be
browned enough. Next thing we're gonna do
is we're gonna add a one-to-one vinegar
to soy sauce ratio. So I have here half a
cup of vinegar and half a cup of soy sauce
for the soy sauce I like to use the
Filipino brands like Datu Puti, Silver
Swan, or Marca Piña, but if you have
another dark soy sauce brand I'm sure
it'll be fine. What I like to do is top
it off just a little bit more vinegar. I
found that this makes for a brighter and
tastier adobo. In my opinion choosing the
vinegar for your adobo is the most
important part, so if you're gonna make
adobo, opt for a vinegar that's a little
bit sweeter. So a few examples that I
have is apple cider vinegar. This is the
one that I'm using for this recipe - a
sugar cane vinegar
it's called "sukang iloco", this one's
Filipino - this is a pineapple fermented
vinegar, this is Korean but this makes
for an extra sweet adobo. This is a lot
sweeter compared to the other vinegars
that I have. Try to avoid white distilled
vinegar, that vinegar has no personality.
But if you have no other options, go
ahead and use it and add maybe a
tablespoon or two of a sweetener of your
choice. So one last thing I'm gonna add
to my adobo is a special ingredient:
quail eggs! You can get quail eggs at the
Asian supermarket. I get the canned ones
because I don't want to have to peel any
of those little quail eggs. Now
cover the pot and let it simmer for
about 5 to 10 minutes. All right, so
here's my tip for tender chicken adobo
every time: use a thermometer! If
you do not have a thermometer I have a
link in the description below.
Grab one because you're gonna be using
this a lot more often than you think. So
what you're gonna do is you're going to
take the biggest piece of chicken and
the thickest part of it. Insert the
thermometer and once it reads 165
degrees Fahrenheit the chicken is safe
to eat. You're gonna take it out
immediately and then continue to simmer
this on low heat for about 15 to 20
minutes so that it can thicken up.
This step is completely optional, but
personally I like my sauce to
thicken up just a little bit. Okay the
sauce has thickened up, so remove that
from the heat and put the chicken and
quail eggs back inside. At this point you
have two options: you can eat your adobo now, or you can wait until tomorrow
so that the chicken and the quail eggs
can marinade in the adobo sauce, and
it'll taste so much better.
Trust me. I actually made this adobo for
our boodle fight, aka our kamayan feast
with our friends which is gonna happen
in two days.
So this adobo is gonna be even better by
then. All right, so thank you guys so much
for watching, I hope you try this recipe
at home your friends and family will
love it. So go ahead and leave me a
comment, give me a thumbs up, and I'll see
you in the next video. BYE!!
