Hello everybody, welcome to another episode
of Rookie Collectibles.
I'm Daniel
and I'm Cheryl.
And today we have a special guest.
We are here at Toy Con Philippines and we
have Quiccs!
Alright, so we are going to do a quick interview
session with him and find out more about what
awesome stuff he has cooking.
So let's begin, Quiccs..
First of all, congratulations!
Yes, congratulations!
How could we forget that.
Congratulations on the DTA (Designer Toy Awards),
that's Artist of the Year, fan voted, which
is mad awesome.
So congratulations to that.
Thank you.
So we are really excited to be able to interview
you today.
Lets start chatting about TEQ63, which is
where everything is at right now.
Alright.
So can you tell us more about TEQ63, the inspiration
behind it, what's it all about?
So, TEQ63.
Its like, if Disney has Mickey Mouse, I have
TEQ63.
That's a good start! Wow
TEQ is a character that is an amalgamation..combination
of my influences growing up.
So during the 80s, I watched alot of Force
Five and through the 90s, Gundam, Evangelion,
Mazinger Z.. so I really love Japanese robots.
Also during the 90s, I was heavily influenced
by the American Hip Hop scene.
And I'm also a big fan and practitioner of
graffiti art, since the early 2000s I've always
been a fan of graffiti even although there wasn't
a scene in Manila before.
But when I met some new friends, during 2012,
guys like..
Tripp63, Exiled.. people who are known in
the Graffiti scene in the Philippines.
I also fell in love with it so I also practised
and studied about graffiti as well.
Awesome, and we see all of that combined in
to the work of Quiccs.
Yes, especially, the TEQ63 character is a
combination of that.
That's pretty cool.
TEQ63 is also the mascot of Toy Con PH this
year and that brings us to Manila Killa.
Can you tell us more about it?
We do see the Manila, or Philippines Flag
rather, featured prominently on the character
this round.
And here we go, this is the Manila Killa.
Thats, pretty cool, tell us more about it.
This is the, 10th I think.. 10th colour way for the series.
Wow, it is the 10th colour way, nice.
Ya, I just wanted to come up with a colour way
that represents the Philippines.
You know, a lot of our athletes like Manny
Paqiao sports the jacket that looks like the
Philippines flag.
And we see it coming across very clearly in
the design here.
When the organisers invited me to be here,
I thought of coming up with a colour way that
represents Philippines in the best way because
Toy Con Philippines is one of the first conventions
that was formed, to be a yearly thing.
Prior to Singapore Toy Con, Thailand Toy Con,
we already had this Toy Con.
It started off as a simple humble convention
for people who are into toys.
They would come.
And now, and its kind of evolving.
Yes, it has gone really far since then.
I wanted to ensure that my vinyl toy, my designer
toy.
In the first place, designer toys, by the
way, isn't that popular in Manila yet.
It's just starting to pick up.
That's good to know.
So me, being part of this convention, it was
an honour for me to be able to come up with
a TEQ63 that is iconic to the Philippines
as a country and also for me as well as a
designer of Art Toys.
I think you have done a great job so far,
it's coming across very well in TE63 Manila Killa.
Thank you.
So speaking of that, lets move on to a couple
of the other characters.
We have Sharko and Remi and the Ghost of Kurosawa,
which sounds mad badass and not only that,
it looks badass.
Lets talk about Sharko and Remi first.
What is the inspiration behind that and yeah,
just tell us more about this Evangelion colourway,
it looks so cool.
And he kinda mentioned about it coming from
his childhood watching anime and loving Evangelion
this is a fantastic piece, so tell us alittle
more about the design of Sharko and Remi.
Sure, so I wanted to come up with a character
that I can make a toy out of and represent
my style in the Sofubi (Japanese soft vinyl)
category.
So I came up with like another tech type of
guy who also wears like a mechanical or robotic
helmet but has more of an aesthetics that
can reflect more of a Sofubi, Kaiju (Beast)
kind of thing going on.
So one thing I've noticed is that TEQ63 has
more of a rabbit kind of helmet?
Is that right?
And Sharko is kind of a shark.
So is this something that is going along with
your other designs as well in the sense where
the helmets represent different animals?
No, not animals.
Actually TE63 is more heavily influenced by
Gundam.
Oh yes, I can see the resemblance there now.
And Sharko and Remi is more like Evangelion.
Yes exactly, not many people pick that up.
Sharko looks like Unit 01.
And you are right, I tried to look for a combination
of a shark, an animal.
I am a real big fan of Unit 01. I am a big fan of that design.
Will we ever see like.. more?
Unit 02 and unit 00?
Yea.
I will make more.
Really looking forward to that!
So actually this colour way is very significant
too, it homage to the show.
Right!
Which was why it caught our attention the
most.
Alright lets talk about the Ghost of Kurosawa.
Oh you actually brought a box here.
This is actually a collab or a co-creation,
the character itself is a co-creation with
a Singaporean!
You might know him.
Yes, FLABSLAB right?
Big names in Singapore there.
It started out.. he invited me to create a
character because he loves Star Wars.
So he invited me to create a character which
namely reflects Darth Vader.
So we realized that this is more doll and
figure like.
Yes, I have my 1/6th scale line which started
with TEQ63.
Oh this guy here
Ghost of Kurosawa was what I wanted to pay homage
to George Lucas as a director.
In the things that inspired him to do Star Wars
Episode IV.
So I think a lot of you guys know that George
Lucas was heavily inspired by the director Akira Kurosawa who made films such as
Throne of Blood and more significantly, the movie entitled
Hidden Fortress which was the basis for Episode
IV.
And of course George Lucas had a lot of influence
as well for Star War the series from World War II.
 
So its about World War II.
Which is why there is the armband.
So like a combination of all of his influences,
so ya Darth Vader...the crown, Akira Kurosawa
is represented by the Shogun, the Japanese
warrior.
There's one thing I've noticed as well, alongside
with TEQ63 is that there is a sneaker influence
on it.
That comes from by Hip Hop culture.
We also understand that Filipinos have have
a very strong sneaker culture here as well.
Yep.
I've always sported Adidas Superstars since
College.
Right, so that is why with all of them as
well, we do see the three stripes!
That's pretty cool.
Okay, thanks for telling us about this.
Next up, we do have a lot of viewers that
are Funko fans and we do notice that you have
made something that is very much of a Funko
style.
I think its.. here.
There we go.
Do tell us more about that, I think everyone
would love to hear more about this as well.
Ya, I'm very curious as well, are you a Funko
collector?
No *laughs*
So you actually connected with your fans and
found out that there are Funko collectors in the
Philippines?
Yes, there are.
I actually considered it as some sort of a
gateway thing, because Funko pop is a little bit
like a designer toy but not really because
of its production it but at least it introduces
people to Art Toys as well.
That's exactly how we feel as well.
A little bit of both.
So I call this figure Forbidden TEQ.
Why "Forbidden"?
Because its like Bootleg *laughs* (that's
one way to do it)
Yeah, playing along with Funko's style with
my own take on it.
So its head is detachable, I used magnets,
just because the material is resin, and if
I use pegs, it will be a little inconsistent,
the fit isn't too well.
That's the technical side of artist toys.
And with resin we can get some articulation
and the fit will always be perfect.
So we get more flexibility with the toy as
well.
So the background on this toy.
I have the habit of what ever platform or
toy type that you throw at me, I like putting
my own style into it so that's why I have
small toys, big toys, dolls and it was a challenge
for me to customise Mickey Mouse.
So this was actually based off Mickey Mouse.
Oh ya!
The feet!
The feet is pretty much like that.
So for Mickey Mouse..I think I can make Mickey
Mouse like TEQ63, so it was more of a personal challenge
Yea so this looks a little more cartoonish?
This is basically how TEQ63 will look in a
Funko Pop form.
And I think it translates pretty well here.
And this is kind of like the size of a Funko
pop as well?
Yep Exactly, with of course the base idea
of the figure as Mickey Mouse.
Well I think that look pretty awesome, who
knows, maybe if you guys vote even harder,
we can get this actually made into a real
Funko.
Yeah lets get licensing done for that.
I think this would look awesome if it was
also like in the Funko pop box size so we
can put it along side our Funko pops as well.
But I think its a very well done piece too.
its really adorable.
Yea I tried to replicate it.
Thanks for talking to us about Forbidden TE63.
Yeah one thing about the packaging is that
its replicated from a Funko pop box.
Yeah I think it's done very well.
Its a mini version of a Funko pop!
So now we have all these products over here.
Maybe you can tell us, or give us a little
sneak.
What can we look forward to in the coming
months, years and are there any collaborations
we could look out to as well?
Yes, in particular I am very excited for my
collaboration with a Korean toy company called
Anatoys.
So we collaborated like how I did with TEQ63
in the Funko Pop, this is how TEQ63 will look with Anatoys
And he's call ANA TEQ.
And what I'm holding now is a prototype and
they actually opened the pre-selling of this.
There are pre-orders now, it will be shipped
sometime in September.
and we will be coming up with 3 colourways.
So we will leave more links in the description
below for people who are interested in getting that.
But alongside that, are there any other colour
ways like with TEQ63 or Sharko that we could
look forward to?
Of course, of course.
Series 2 has just started with the black TEQ.
I don't have it here.. we have around 10 to
12 colourways planned for the next 2 to 3 year.
Wow that's doubling your colour way collection
currently.
Its going to be over a long period of time,
slowly.
And the Sharkos of course will still continue
to have more colour ways.
Also I've recently released Zeta.
With Devil Toys.
It's a combination of TEQ63 and Mazinger Z.
Ah, its alright.
We will leave links in the description below
for anyone who wants to check it out.
Yea, show them a picture.
For sure.
Okay, thanks for giving us a quick overview
of this.
We are now going to go into a quick, I hope
fun for Quiccs, segment which involves us
passing him on of these.
Now this is a DIY funko pop.
It's plain for now.
We are going to give him a couple of markers
and he is going to design anything he wants
best to his character and style and we will
have this displayed at Simply Toys.
So on to the montage.
And we are done!
Thank for doing the custom for us Quiccs.
If you guys want to check it out, head down
to Simply Toys at Plaza Singapura and it will
be on display there and yeah!
Quiccs do you want to say anything, do a shout
out or a plug in to your fans.
Thank for watching this episode, if you want
to see my works and want to get updated with
my recent releases, you can follow be at Quiccs
on Instagram and on Facebook.
Thank you.
We will leave that in the description as well,
so do check that out.
But before we go, as a thank you, here is
a Funko pop for you; from both Simply Toys and us.
This one is the Merlion.
It's our local Kaiju.
Thank you
Thank you very much again, we hope to see at the next con.
And see you guys, thanks for watching this episode,
catch you guys in the next one. Bye!
