Japan Sinks 2020 is one of Netflix’s most
highly awaited anime series which released recently.
With the global pandemic being so prominent
in 2020, it’s a bit strange to watch an
anime about such a huge catastrophe in the
same year.
Japan Sinks follows 14-year-old track star
Ayumu and her family -
10-year-old video game obsessive brother Gō,
Crafty and dependable father Kōichirō, and
Optimistic, former competitive swimmer mother
Mari -
As they try to escape Japan, which is sinking
into the Pacific after experiencing a series
of devastating earthquakes.
During their trek across the island nation,
the family come across a number of characters
who assist them on their journey.
There are some potential spoilers, so viewer
discretion is advised.
With that said, despite the plot taking place
in Japan, the series includes a diverse international
cast,
Including Kite from Estonia, Daniel from England,
and Mari from Cebu, Philippines!
I legit almost screamed when it was revealed
that she was a Filipino.
By default, this makes the two main protagonists,
Ayumu and Go half-Filipino, half-Japanese.
In this video I will be doing a character
analysis on the 3 Filipino characters in Japan
Sinks 2020.
Let’s get started!
The first is Mari Mutoh.
She is your typical 41-year old tita who probably
tells you you’ve gained weight but still
insists you eat five plates of food during
family parties.
She is a slight heavyset woman who exhibits
those motherly characteristics of being loving
yet stern.
This is seen when Haruo, their teenage neighbor,
mentions always feeding him when he was younger
and when she gets into an argument with her
daughter Ayumu.
She is very strong willed and never denies
her Filipino heritage.
This is also noted when Daniel asks Mari where
she is from and she proudly replies “Cebu
Island in the Philippines”
#PinoyPride
Also, in the later episodes when only pure
blooded Japanese are allowed to be rescued,
she admits to being a foreigner who is not
from Japan.
She could have easily passed as a Japanese
person to save her life, but opted not to
deny her Filipina heritage.
Another clue supporting Mari being from the
Philippines is that she has heart problems.
If you’re Filipino and watching this, we
all know that our diet of lechon, lumpia,
and adobo is delicious, but in no way healthy
compared to a typical Japanese diet.
In the end, she meets her demise by making
the ultimate sacrifice for her children.
A true testament to a Filipino mother’s
love for her family.
The next person is the half Pinay 14-year
old Ayumu Mutoh.
She was born and raised in Japan and it makes
me wonder if she knows any Tagalog words.
Kind of like me being born in America and
not being the best Tagalog speaker, but I
digress.
She is very thin, athletic, and with good
morals.
This is evident when she gives her last water
bottle to an elderly couple and even hesitates
herself from looting a convenient store.
Her tanned skin is also consistent with her
Cebuana mother’s heritage.
Ayumu is someone who is seen as very emotional
as well but does whatever she can to protect
her loved ones, including her brother Go.
In terms of her looks and characteristics,
she looks a lot like Josie Rizal from the
Tekken series, another Filipina character
which I made a video about a while ago.
Go is the half Pinoy 10-year old brother of
Ayumu and son of Mari.
He is very much into video games and YouTube
and as a result is fluent in English.
Go reminds me a lot of my cousin who watched
a lot of American cartoons in the Philippines
and as a result spoke amazing English.
Like his sister, his tanned skin is reflective
of his Filipino heritage.
Go is your typical 10 year old who hates vegetables
and has dreams of being an eSports celebrity.
English is the 2nd language of the Philippines
and can be another tie into why Go flip flops
from speaking Japanese and English in the
series,
Although I would love to hear him say “Ano
ba yan” or “Dyos ko po” once in a while.
There are also quite a few references to the
Philippines in this anime which is always
amazing to see!
Overall, I highly recommend this anime and
I hope many of you have seen it or plan to
see it despite some of the spoilers I gave.
If you enjoyed this video, leave a like, a
comment and share it with your friends.
Visit YouTube.com/FrankBernard for similar
videos which I know you’ll enjoy.
Also consider subscribing if you haven’t
and hit that bell symbol to stay notified
of new videos.
Thanks for watching and I’ll see you kababayans
in the next video!
