Hey guys, it’s Frank here!
I thought I’d welcome the new year with
a brand new video!
2019 is off to a great start because this
year, Disney-Pixar Studios will be introducing
it’s first ever Filipino CGI characters
in the new animated short called “Float.”
Over the past few years, Disney-Pixar has
strived for more representation in both their
feature and short films.
With the creation of Pixar SparkShorts, a
new experimental storytelling initiative,
we'll get even more creative voices at Pixar
Animation Studios to share their unique stories.
The result looks like some incredible, diverse
storytelling.
For Filipino-American writer and director
Bobby Rubio, who also serves as an animator
at Pixar, SparkShorts provides a chance for
him to share his culture with a wide audience.
Rubio sees this as a way for him to tell his
story and is the creative mastermind behind
“Float.”
Rubio has worked on numerous Pixar projects,
including serving as story artist for Incredibles
2, Inside Out, and Monsters University.
With this new opportunity, he's telling a
story that will feature Pixar's first all-CGI
Filipino characters.
The synopsis of the animation reads:
“A father discovers that his son floats,
which makes him different from other kids.
“To keep them both safe from the judgement
of the world, Dad hides, covers, and grounds
him.
“But when his son’s ability becomes public,
Dad must decide whether to run and hide or
to accept his son as he is.”
I’m loving the unique appearances of the
characters in the short film too.
The dad has tanned skin, large expressive
eyes, a very prominent Filipino nose, and
definitely epitomizes the traits of a Filipino
father.
The fact that he is depicted as a very protective
dad who tries to keep his son grounded - literally
- is so Filipino and it really shows that
Rubio is tying in his own culture in his work.
Additionally, the baby is giving me those
“gigil” vibes.
The Chinito eyes and the very thick, bushy
head of hair is very reminiscent of many Filipino
babies.
I love how Disney-Pixar is incorporating Filipino
characters, and it won’t be long before
we see a Filipina Disney princess which I
made a video about in case you guys are interested.
Although this is just an animated short, it
does open up many new doors and opportunities
for Filipinos to finally be represented in
cartoons and the media.
Let me know in the comments below what you
guys think of having a Filipino portrayed
as a CGI character?
Do you think we will see more representation
in the future?
And as always, please leave a like and subscribe
to my channel for similar content!
My social media accounts are also listed below
so feel free to add me and say hello!
Also feel free to visit my channel at YouTube.com/FrankBernard
for similar videos which I’m sure you’ll
enjoy.
Thanks for watching and I’ll see you guys
in the next video!
