This is Manila. This is Philippines. Home
to over 7,600 islands with more than 170 languages and dialects
Today we have a very
special episode. Check out the t-shirt
that's gonna give you a hint on what
today's episode is all about.
So just a little bit of background about myself I
was born in the Philippines in Visayas
region. So I speak fluent Bisaya and
Tagalog and a little bit of Waray since
the region or the island that I'm from
speaks Waray. So yeah so I'm excited to
show you the Filipino community here in
New York City where I've lived for the last
ten years. Alright so this is our first stop
of the day. We're going to a place that's
only been open for about a month and a
half and it has something that I haven't
seen in New York City until now. It's
Kape't Torta, which literally
translates in English - coffee and cake. Yes
let's do it. I need some coffee in my life right now.
We haven't had breakfast yet. Let's go
Filipino coffee, native to the Philippines. 
From Philippines in Batangas. So the special thing we were
talking about outside that you can't
normally find in New York is Kapeng Barako
I actually tried Kapeng Barako
last year when we were in Davao City Philippines
and I love the coffee, so gonna take a sip of it.
We haven't had breakfast yet. We're having torta for breakfast. And we're having cheese ensaymada, which is really good.
Traditionally, torta and ensaymada is just a merienda.
It's very moist. Oh it reminds me of back home
It's so soft and pillowy already, wow.
So this ensaymada is a really awesome blend of sweet and savory
You take a few bites and once you get to
the filling you really taste that
cheddar cheese coming out. And it's
very moist and pillowy so it's slightly
sweet. It's buttery, too. Very buttery. This is
a really nice breakfast pastry or merienda.
Let's get a bite of this Torta Cebuana. 
Torta is like a little cake
Mmm it has the texture of a classic
sponge cake but you really have a nice
anise flavor in there. That anise flavor
jumps out right away. You get a little
bit of the sugar grains on top, a little
crunchy. It's really nice not too sweet.
I love that anise flavor though. It really what makes it special
You haven't tried that in Philippines? No. Sorry. But, we've had many and
plenty pandesal.
Now we're here for our second
stop of the day called Sariling Atin.
Which is a turo turo. In
this side of the world it's called turo turo.
But normally in Philippines is like carinderia. In here it's like in a
restaurant-esque. Back home it's outside of a house. Yeah it's like a steam table
atmosphere here and Sariling Atin means...
"Our own." It's one of our favorite spots
Let's see what they have today. Yep let's
go
We got here - what's cool about this spot is that
you can choose a bunch of different
dishes with rice. So we have four dishes,
all different types. We actually wanted
just to get three because it's combo it's for
combo
one two or three. But Kuya - kuya wanted
us to try the goat adobo or adobo
kambing. We have four very different
dishes here. So right here the adobo kambing, that's goat adobo.
The bopis.
That's all the chopped-up good stuff. Innards!
There's liver, there's stomach lining,
lungs, heart, liver, all the innards
All the good stuff. If you love innards, this is your dish.
Monggo. So it's stewed mung beans, there's ampalaya (bitter melon), tomato
and we have chicharron in there too. And what may be the best dish of all here is the Bicol Express.
That's the pork belly with the coconut
milk and the shrimp paste.
Haven't had it in a while, really excited. Let's eat.
Let's try this goat first.
It's so soft, wow look at that.
Oh it's so tender that goat's just falling
apart. It's got pieces on the bone too.
And it's a little peppery but it doesn't have too much gamey flavor, but you still taste
the goat, but not gamey at all. It's so good.
Need some bopis in my life.
What I like is all the textures you get in the
innards. You got a little crunchy, you get the irony liver
flavor, too. The hearts all that good stuff. The textures, the flavors. This is sitting
in this sauce. Very light sauce kinda
lets the innards speak for themselves.
Got chopped up veggies in here too. 
To balance it up.
And the Bicol Express has
been one of our favorites from here for a while. So they give you here big chunks of
pork belly. It's just sitting in this
creamy coconut milk shrimp paste sauce
I just love that combo of the creamy
coconut milk and the shrimp paste and
it's also spicy. That's a key part of the
Bicol Express is spicy. There's chili
flakes in here. What makes it really nice
too is that it's been sitting in that
steam table just stewing in there. It's
just making it super tender just stewing
in all those flavors. So you have funk, you have creamy, you have spicy. That flavor
explosion of all three. It's excellent.
Last but not least we gotta have
some veggies in here, right? We have to
have a balanced meal. We need some vegetables. The doctor is telling us we need more vegetables
But when you come to a Filipino place, the vegetables are gonna come with some pork, too.
Very soft, so these stewed mung beans, there's all these other vegetables
in here. You got that ampalaya - the bitter
melon. Let's get a bite - get a scoop with
all of that in there
You can really taste the ampalaya. It's got that little bitter kick. The mung bean, the monggo
The mung beans are really soft. It's a bit
saucy from here and then you have that
bits of tomato for a little sweetness
and you have the earthy greens in here too
It's an excellent dish. Now what's cool 
spot it's been here for several years.
So it was only for a while was just a back
seating area in the back of a grocery
store with a steam table. But now they've
actually made that one spot just for the
food and they've expanded to a next door
location with a huge seating area.
It's actually our first time eating here in
the new seating area, so congrats to Sariling Atin!
This means they're doing well. We have a
second expansion here, this is great.
Sariling Atin is an awesome spot.
It's right by Queens Center Mall and
Queens Place Mall - two big shopping
centers. Matter of fact, Queens Center Mall is
the most profitable mall by square
footage in America. Crazy fact, right?
So that's a great spot for some quick bites.
But now we've headed to the other side.
We've headed down Queens Boulevard to
Woodside. Not in Little Manila yet, actually.
We're getting there. But it's
actually a good way to talk about how
the Philippines has three different
regions for those who don't know. Which
is Luzon, Visayas, Mindanao. Luzon is
where Tagalog is mostly spoken. While
Visayas and Mindanao it's more of Bisaya,
or some people call it Cebuano, but I
prefer to say Bisaya. It is actually
serve as a perfect segue because our
next spot is actually owned by a
Mindanao native. So yeah this next
spot is owned by a Mindanao native
it's called Tito Rad's. It's actually
our favorite Filipino restaurant as a
whole, we'll say.
My favorite restaurant is my
mom's kitchen or my brothers cooked.
Well your family's kitchen's amazing, yeah. But that's not a restaurant (laughs)
Alright let's take a bite of this, it's freshly
fried. Chicharon bulaklak.
Bulaklak is the pork intestine. It's also
called ruffle fat.
Chicharon bulaklak is just a fancy word for ginabot in Bisaya.
So we're gonna dip it in the spicy vinegar
Get those good chili flakes
One thing that's missing with this
chicharon bulaklak is beer
That's how you have intestines. Deep fried,
vinegar. It's like Jumi said, just need
some beer. A little Red Horse would be
awesome with this right now. But this
will do quite nicely.
And then here we have ukoy.
This thing is massive, look. Can you see me?
It's vegetarian friendly with shrimp
bean sprouts carrots deep-fried.
Gonna have some by itself first
So crispy. That batter is excellent. Gonna dip it in the suka
It's just so light and airy and crisp. You
could really taste the bean sprouts the
earthiness of the carrots and then that
clean shrimp flavor. I could just eat this all
day long, it's just so good. It's one of the
specialties here at Tito Rad's.
The menu here is huge. It's so hard to choose and narrow it down. We're eating so much today.
But this was a must. Always so good.
Third and final dish here in Tito Rad's. It's panga.
Tuna panga
So what's crazy this tuna jaw here
this panga is a small. Can you believe it?
This is a "small." We have ordered a large
before, that thing is massive. It takes up
almost the whole table. But it's kind of 
like when we were in Davao City. We went to a great
spot where they had lots of tuna
We're at Luz Kinilaw
Tuna kinilaw.
Squid. Grilled squid. Kinilaw seaweed.
Tuna tendon.
And this is the panga. Tuna panga. Or jaw. It's huge
So this brings us back to there. They had
the jaw cuz the tuna is very popular in
Mindanao. A lot of it comes from Gen San.
Let's take a bite of it by itself it's
got a nice crisp on the outside it looks
very tender meat
That tuna jaw's just buttery soft.
It's got that great grill flavor on the
outside which adds a slight bit of crisp to
contrast that soft mm.
Got a slight pleasantly fishy flavor. A
little oiliness to it. Delicious. Even by itself
Alright so we're at Jollibee. 
We're not gonna eat here, but what's significant
about this Jollibee is that it's the first Jollibee on the East Coast and since then they've
opened up one near Times Square and I
bet you there's gonna be a whole bunch more that are gonna
open up around the East Coast. Jollibee's 
gonna take over. We've just gotta
face it. Yeah she's delicious
So we've come to the so-called
"Little Manila." As a Filipino, I refuse to
call this place Little Manila
because this is not. Philippines is not
just Manila. Rant! Rant over. But now
back to the good stuff. So we can't do a
Filipino food video without this classic
street food. Take a guess what that is.
Give you a few seconds
Oh my gosh
Our next spot Renee's. This is an OG in the neighborhood. It's been here since 1992. They specialize in
food from Pampanga, which is supposed to be the culinary capital of the Philippines
And one of the most signature dishes of
Pampanga is sisig.
Sizzling sisig. So the beauty of this
one is that have the way it's supposed
to be served. All the chopped up pig face.
So you have the snout, the jowl, the ears
all the good stuff. There are a lot of
restaurants here they do the pork belly
and chicharron to simulate the
crunch. So we go with the egg yolk on
top. Chopped up with onions, scallion, jalapeno. We squeeze some lime on top.
Of course here with the Red Horse. So let's try some of the sisig try to get
everything in there. Try to put a little
jalapeno
Oh that's great. It has everything. You get that intense porky flavor you get the slight
cartilagey bits from the face. You have the
spicy from the jalapeno in there.
Spicy from the chili. That green chili gives it a nice kick.
Got the lime squeeze gives it that sour tang.
You got some more crunch from the onions.
Then you have that egg in there too, that creamy egg that's been cooked now.
There's a reason why this is a gateway dish.
This is like a signature Filipino dish.
Definitely one of the first ones I fell in love with.
After I fell in love with Jumi! (laughs)
Alright, now it's time to eat some of this kare kare
First, let's have some of this oxtail, which is falling off the bone.
I love oxtail in all forms. Jamaican, Cuban, any way.
But this is the only one I know which has oxtail with a peanut sauce. So there it is dangling off the bone.
The oxtail is just melting and you taste
that peanut butter flavor but it doesn't
overwhelm it.
Oh look at that tender piece of oxtail.
Gonna take some of this tripe. And dip it in the bagoong, the shrimp paste.
That bagoong is intense. It has that fishy kick. Salty. Adds a funk to it.
Let's get a bite with the veggie, tripe and a little bit of oxtail altogether.
You gotta get that bagoong. You gotta
put it in there mix it in
First you taste the peanut sauce mixed in
with that chewy tripe and then the
bagoong hits you at the back end.
Taste it at the end. A little salty funky
kick at the end. And then the crunchy veggies.
It's a great dish.
You have veggies, you have
the meat and then you have the shrimp paste in there. Kare kare is definitely another one of the bets Filipino dishes out there.
Last but not least we have tinapa.
I love it. I tried it here for the first time. It's a smoked milkfish.
You can just smell the smell. It smells like
bacon. Like this could be a perfect
pescatarian substitute for bacon.
It's what I've been waiting for right here. 
First time I ever had it was in this
restaurant
Just hear that crunch.
Really like fish bacon right here.
It's so smoky, it's so crispy. Smells
incredible. Tastes incredible. This is a
sleeper right here. This quickly
became one of my favorite dishes. This
really could be a perfect pescetarian
substitute for bacon if you want it. Man this is
seriously good
This Filipino food crawl is never
complete without dessert and if you can
guess it
I hope you can guess it and if not here it is
Well maybe I am, right? I don't know.
So we got here we got the halo halo.
So you've seen us eat some awesome halo halo in our frozen dessert video.
Check it out up here we got a card right there from a spot right down the street.
We're here at Krystal's.
It's an OG in this neighborhood also so
it's only fitting we went from the OG Renee's to another on the corner - Krystal's
Cafe. We got it here all mixed up. A
big reason why theirs is so off the chain
is they're leche flan is just so good.
It's so creamy not too sweet. We love
their leche flan, even on its own. Then they
got in here the mango ice cream they got
plenty of ube obey on the side. You got the
coconut gel the sweetened beans and all
that good stuff in here.
We got an all mixed up. Halo Halo means
"mix mix," so let's do it.
If you've made it this far in watching
our videos. Thank you so kindly for
watching.
Please subscribe to our channel
Please like our videos
if you enjoy it. If you don't, well watch
it and then share and then like it (laughs)
So we hope you enjoyed this video of ours.
Thank you so much for watching
Salamat kaayo. Before we forget. Please smash that like button, subscribe, hit the bell
you want to be the first comment, right?
Yes, you do. Thanks for watching
See you soon.
Some Filipino restaurants already have their Christmas
tree out. Yeah
September summer is still going on folks
But I love it, that's festive. It's what,
four months celebrating?
It's amazing that something celebrate.
Filipinos are known to be the
longest celebrant. The longest celebrants
of Christmas. Yeah I'm pretty sure I'm
sure. I read that the other day actually too so.
It's different when it's back home
Feel like I'm in the Philippines right now
outside sari-sari store
And just tambay outside the only things missing is karaoke machine,
beer and balut. Kuya balut or ate balut.
Selling. Yelling balut. And my friends.
