hey guys it's Jonathan and Nathan here
from set sail and for the next week
we're gonna be here in Subic Bay and the
Philippines and helping out with an
organization called POCM which is
Philippines Outreach Centre
Ministries, it's a really exciting
organization I've been helping out sort
of behind the scenes for the last year.
So for the next few days we're going to
be going into churches and prisons and
children's homes all sorts of different
things just sharing the gospel playing
songs sharing about Jesus and we just
wanted to take you on that journey to
show you a bit of what goes on here
so while we're here we thought it'd be a
really cool thing to raise money for
this ministry over the whole week so
we've set up with Just Giving page we'll
put the link on the video right here
we'd love to give you guys an
opportunity to be able to support the
work that goes on here as well and
really bless this ministry so that when
we go away we can give them a real gift
to help them keep doing what they do so
it's going to be fun and we'll be giving
an update every single vlog that we do
just so you guys know where we're up to
we'd encourage you just get involved
it's going to be really fun to have a
lasting impact
Brother, Ben Jack!
It's so great to be here, my name is Ben. Everybody can say 'Hello Ben!'
what Jesus has made it possible for is
for his children to bring his kingdom to Earth today
How do we do that we stand
in assurance of Shalom, even though we go
through the difficult times, even though
we experience the chaos, we fix our eyes on
him when we say 'I trust you', we take that
trust into the world we take that Shalom
into the world and whatever
situations people are facing or going
through we tell them something very
important.
The the way that we live, the words that we speak
there is peace for you, and it is found in Jesus Christ
all right we just had the morning service at POCF
these guys helping out with worship
It's a newly renovated building -
when was this done, like recently?
Oh we just finished like, about a month ago
No no no, like 2 months ago
In fact, Nathaniel do you want to say a bit about POCF?
Um, POCF, well it started actually because we do prison ministry
we needed a kind of family for them
after some of them get released from prison
And they need a family, like a Christian family, so that's how basically the church was started
so a lot of our church ministry team
are ex-prisoners or children of
ex-prisoners our even like, some of
their parents are still in prison
So it's just, and then we went out to the
community and grew and everything
Wow! That's amazing!
Kids are so happy
all right so this is our home for the
week
A little lizard just ran in the house!
Today is Sunday, this morning we were at the POCF Church and we're heading back there now to do the
evening service, Rivers & Robots crew are going to be doing the worship and then I
think nathan is doing a little talk. He's
currently in the house over here
This is what we call a jeepney, it's
pretty cool but we're not getting in that
we're getting in the upgraded jeepney
this is the original jeepney
Whispers: I love Rivers & Robots
They're the best
If we want to be a people who are seeing revival
We need to make sure that that relationship is
right first, we need to remain in a strong relationship with Jesus
This morning, with Mr Louie
Visiting Angeles District jail
We're gonna be leading some worship in the prison this morning
Ben Jack's gonna be speaking a Gospel
message
yeah really unique opportunity, we're really looking forward to it
just finished service in the prison, did some of the worship, Ben Jack spoke, really amazing!
My mind is blown! I've never been to prison ministry, and I'm only 20 years old, it's kinda like blowing my mind
It was pretty amazing, and it felt like the whole room pretty much stood up and responded
I don't know how many people there was, 150 maybe?
There was more than that, probably 200.
It was just amazing to see
to be able to just like worship with those guys afterwards
was amazing so, amazing opportunity
we're going to go and get some lunch now and
we're gonna go to the second prison in the afternoon. Catch up soon!
it's quite an experience
yeah it's quite moving
Right, prison number 2, here we go!
He was looking for peace, he was looking for hope and he found it in Jesus
So, my camera's died, we're now vlogging on the iPhone, old school
So sweaty
We just finished in prison number 2
We've seen some incredible responses to the gospel pretty much everyone in the room stood up so we
don't know how many of those were people making commitments but
I'm gonna say all of them
It was really good, saw God do some great things.
Ben, do you want to share anything about the trip so far?
First time in the Philippines, amazing privilege to go into
these prisons today and see such an
incredible response to the gospel. It's been beautiful
really hoping that at some point Rivers
& Robots will slightly raise the game
but I'm doing good
if we could just match the level of Ben Jack, we'll get there
No it's been awesome
Come on guys.
We got an open boot yet?
Nope
Hey guys, hope you enjoyed the video just to let you know
that while we're here in the Philippines
we're running a a fundraiser for POCM so if
you want to get involved in that just go
to our Just Giving link which I'll put
along the bottom of the screen and we
can help bless this ministry over here
in the Philippines doing some amazing
work the see you next video
