Hello!  This is Grace!!  I believe this video is one of my most viewed videos so far.
So I will put subtitles for the viewers to know how we came up making this video.
First of all,  I personally do not like listening to my own voice.  So I tempted    uploading music to hide it.
I am sorry, Guys....  I will add subtitles instead. :-)
This is the story how it all began.
I was in Japan planning for an early retirement and settle to my home country for good.
So every time I have time at home during our day-off from work,  I kept on watching videos about farming in the Philippines.
I happened to know about Mr. LJhay Sumulong's video about his black pigs.  (Note:  This handsome gentleman is Mr. Sumulong's  PR Manager, was he?   I have Mr. Sumulong's picture on the other video.  :-)
So when we moved to Manila,  I tried to contact him through his facebook page.
He replied immediately.  He is a cool guy.
We took the public transportation to get to his place.
And we met.
A gorgeous wife was introduced.  A yummy lunch.  And wonderful friends were around.
My excitement peaked when his assistant drove us around his hacienda.
Everything in his farm was skillfully planned.  The natural environment and food of his pigs.
It's a beautiful place for agribusiness dreamers like me.
Should there be inquiries about black pigs,  I believe Mr Sumulong is happy to help.  They breed excellent pigs
I am not giving up for my dream.
You can start your own, too!
Good luck!!
Now, we were back to Japan and honestly contemplating if we will go back to the Philippines for good.
Our first try did not work out.  :-(
But my desire and passion for agri farming has not changed a bit.
So I still watch videos like this one I have so with the other videos on YouTube.
The passion is still there!!  It hasn't gone!
I know there are a lot of Filipinos overseas with the same passion like I do.
So I decided to share my mistakes.... yeah,  a lot of mistakes I have done  during my first try.
So please tune in.  I am not making videos to monetize!
I feel the need to share the realities, the struggles of putting a business in the Philippines especially if you were out of the country for so long...
There were things, truths, realities I need to share so I could help others....
I would like to say THANK YOU once again to Mr. Jay Sumulong of Antipolo, Rizal.  :-)
See you again!!  God Bless and Stay Safe!!
I will back  to your place!!
