My friends are all over the world.
My high school was an international
IB school, where most of my
friends studied university abroad, including me.
So coming home can actually feel really lonely because
most of them aren't here in the Philippines anymore.
But sometimes I get lucky because my
friends will come to visit me.
Good morning.
It is our first day here in Panglao in the Philippines.
It's really early.
It's like 8:00 a.m.
We were going to go diving, so me and my sister.
She still is.
I'm probably not, because I woke up
and I wasn't feeling too well.
I was looking up like, oh, should
you dive while you're fatigued?
It was like, maybe not.
Yeah, I chickened out.
To be completely honest, I have been
a little scared of scuba diving.
I think in general, I just have a phobia of
the ocean, and it's totally irrational, as many fears are.
But I think the ocean is just so unfamiliar to me
that it's just the unknown, the fear of the unknown.
I really, really do want to explore this beautiful marine
life I know exists here in the Philippines, but I
think there's no need for me to rush into this.
Anyways, I've got a few hours before my friends
from Singapore arrives, so I want to share with
you something I've been journaling about lately.
Long distance relationships.
And not just romantic ones, but also friendships.
As an international student who studied abroad in
the States, I knew I'd eventually go home.
After four years, I'd have to say
goodbye to all the friends I made.
And knowing this honestly made it really hard
for me to make close friends, because I
thought, what's the point of getting close to
people if I'll have to let them go?
If it's all going to end, why even begin?
It felt perfectly rational to me that the most painless
option was to not get close, so I would not
have to experience the inevitable sadness of separation.
But that also meant I would never
experience the deep joy that comes from
intimate relationships and knowing others deeply.
I didn't want fear to rule
my life. Thankfully and praise God,
but by my senior year, I had wonderful friends I met
who taught me how to open up and be a little braver.
And when graduation came, I cried for many days because I
really felt the loss of my friends, and I accepted that
I might not ever see some of them again.
I truly did not expect that
one year later, my college friends would be
visiting me here today in the Philippines.
Y'all, my friends are almost here.
I'm so excited. Oh, my gosh.
I'm just going to wait outside, and then when
they come here, I'm going to scare them.
I'll just set up the camera.
Okay, I'm out
because they're going to come soon
but in the meantime, let me give you a little room
hotel tour.
We're at this place called the Bohol Sea Resort.
We're basically each in these little villas.
So this one is the one my sister and I are staying at.
We will go in. Hello.
So you come in. It's very simple.
We just have a double bed,
desk, wardrobe, and then the bathroom.
And then you go outside and
you have a nice outdoor area.
I was here this morning journaling.
And then if you look out, that
is the check-in, restaurant, swimming pool.
And then there are a bunch more villas down there.
Let me take you guys.
So just all the villas stretched out there. Oh, my gosh.
I see them. I'm going to hide.
I don't know if I'll scare them.
I'm going to sit by these steps and then I'm going
to set this camera up and then I'll slowly walk over.
We got the villa. I mean, like
I thought we had the cheapest but you guys have a sofa.
You want to say hi to the vlog? Yeah. That's so nice
actually.
This is really nice.
I didn't realize the beach was here also.
Thank you.
Can I get the mango dragonfruit?
Quick filipino.
But you can get around pretty easily.
It's been easy to get around
like just speaking English, right?
I think it helps that a lot of them
speak English, right?
Yeah, yeah they do.
It's like, national language is English and
we're the third largest English speaking nation.
After lunch we caught a tuktuk to go to Napaling Reef
to go snorkeling and oh, my gosh, I was so nervous.
I just saw the vast ocean and the choppy dark
waters and I was like, are you sure that's safe?
In the end, peer pressure.
I'm just kidding.
I got a life vest and prayed to God and we were off.
It was beautiful.
Hi, guys.
So I'm at Alona Beach right now.
I know there's some music.
There's some vibes going on here.
I think this is a pretty popular
night spot.
It's pretty bustling.
My friends went to go snorkeling.
I am pretty tired from today already
so I'm just chilling, vibing at the beach.
I ended up going snorkeling because I was like, 
you know what, I kind of want to check stuff out.
So it's like, whatever.
But I was so scared.
My friends were kind of laughing because I was
like, oh, my gosh, the water looks so choppy.
I am just so scared.
Like, are there sharks?
I don't know anything but it was all fine.
Like praise God. It was beautiful.
We saw eels.
We saw a sea turtle.
I'm happy to just have some time to
relax a little and soak it all up.
While my friends go snorkeling, let's continue
our discussion on long distance friendships because
this trip made me realize something ironic.
If I had never decided to pursue these friendships
in college because I was too scared of losing
them, I would have actually lost them.
But it's because of how close we got that
we're here now, actually wanting to see each other,
traveling across countries to visit each other.
Later this year I'm actually going to
go to Singapore to visit them.
So subscribe if you want to stay along for the journey.
After the sunset, we were all really hungry so we
decided to get ice cream. Yup, dessert before dinner.
Then we ate at a Filipino restaurant where my
sister and I ordered some of our favorite Filipino
dishes like pork sisig, lechon, bangus, garlic rice,
and of course, halo-halo for round two of dessert.
We also just walked around the beach after and found
a quiet spot to talk, catch up, get drinks.
This is actually my sister's first time meeting
my friends too, but it's funny because they're
actually closer to age than I am.
It's midnight and we're heading back.
We were there for literally five, six hours and
the next day we'd have to get up early because
we had a countryside tour at 8:00 a.m., but I'm
about to pass out, so get some rest y'all.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Good morning.
We are starting the day strong
with my favorite Filipino breakfast combo.
We've got pork tocino and longaniza for my friends and
I got corned beef with garlic rice, eggs and mangos.
We headed out ten minutes late, but I
assured my friends that this was early
by Filipino time. We drove over to the main island,
Bohol, where we got ATVs and did this beautiful tour
through the famous Chocolate Hills and rice terraces.
I know you guys might be wondering
why are they called Chocolate Hills?
Well, they're known to be brown, and apparently that's
only during the dry season and we went when
it was pouring rain, so that makes it the
vibrant green that you see now.
After we climbed the 200 steps made of bamboo, we
reached this viewpoint and our tour guide gave us this
broom and took the randomest photos of us.
But I think it's a tradition.
After we climbed down, we drank some
fresh buko juice, which means young coconut,
and just talked for a little bit.
We then stopped by a tarsier conservatory because
I learned that Philippine tarsiers are an endangered species and
one of the smallest primates in the world.
There was a butterfly garden next
door that we checked out.
Then my friends spotted worm ice cream
and I was like, bruh, please no.
But I ended up trying it too because
that is what happens when you travel with
friends who are way more adventurous than you.
Anyways, I thought we were getting lunch now, but we
still had one more spot: the Bilar man-made bamboo forest.
It was so peaceful, but at this point
I think I was getting over stimulated and
thinking, this trip is really packed with sights.
And it's funny because I used to love traveling
like this with activities packed left, right, no break.
But then I realized at the end of the trip
I barely felt like I experienced anything because every moment passed so
quick and I never got to immerse myself in it.
This is probably why our next activity
was my favorite: the Loboc River cruise.
We just relaxed on that boat for 3 hours.
We ate delicious Filipino buffet, listened to
incredible live music from the 80s, tried
Filipino dances like tinikling, and just bathed
in the beauty of this jungle river.
After the cruise, I felt so refreshed and ready
to finish our final sights of the day.
Baclayon Church, which is one of the
Philippines' oldest Catholic churches made from coral stones,
and the Blood Compact Shrine, which sealed the
friendship between Spaniards and Filipinos by pouring their
blood from a cut and into a drink
like wine, which they would all toast to.
At this point, we successfully completed the tour, so we
headed back to meet up with my sister for dinner
at the Bohol Bee Farm.
Before the trip ended
I wanted to just debrief the trip a
little because you've probably seen these people throughout
the video, but we never really introduced them.
So do you guys want to
introduce yourselves and how we met? Yeah, sure.
So I'm Josiah.
I met Katie in freshman year
during an entrepreneurship event at college. I'm Zenas.
I met Katie at a common class
that we had, through a mutual friend.
I'm Kim.
I'm Katie's older sister, and I met her at the
hospital the day my mom gave birth to her.
I have four questions I want to ask you guys,
and the first is just, did you guys come into
this trip with any expectations and what were they?
I think personally, I try to minimize my expectations before
any trip, but I think for this trip, I really
wanted to, I guess, dive during this trip.
So I was looking at it and I expected,
like, clear waters and a lot of marine life.
Generally, this trip exceeded my expectations.
I think similar to Josiah,
I didn't have much expectation for
the trip. I thought that it would be a good
opportunity to catch up, so I thought that, maybe
the expectation there would be some levels of deep conversation
along the trip, which kind of happened. Happened a lot.
I think I was super excited
because this is the first time
well, first of all, you guys are coming to the
Philippines for the first time, and we haven't seen each
other in a while, in a year, and then six
months since we graduated. I was bringing along my sister so
I was like, this will be an interesting
mix to throw into the whole dynamic.
I was also pretty confident that
it would be a good trip.
I just didn't know what kind of trip it would be.
Like would it be super stacked or more laid back.
But we planned this with so much thought that
I felt like we were all in line.
I think Katie had told me about you guys
a little bit beforehand, and you guys seem chill.
I thought it would be, like, a good time.
Did anything surprise you this trip?
I think what surprised me was
kind of your relationship together.
Oh, the both of us? Yeah.
Because I never really met, like, a sister dynamic of this sort,
I think, because you guys are really close, and whenever
I've thought of, like, siblings, usually there's some level of
like, oh, she's my younger sis, or, 
she's my older sis, and it's somewhat like compartmentalized. 
The sister and friend thing is something I've not seen that often.
It feels very organic, natural, and doesn't
feel like it's forced. 
Nice, Kate. That's sweet. Yeah that's sweet.
which I guess is weird, like, Katie and us, we are college friends.
But Josiah and I being a bit older because of,
like, national service in Singapore and closer to age with Kim.
Yeah, that was so funny.
I would tell my sister, I was like,
oh my gosh, yeah I have two friends
in Singapore and wait, they're actually your age.
I'm right in the middle of the
both of them. I'm like, three years younger.
Back home, I only have one sibling, so
the idea of having, like, multiple siblings and
treating them as friends was quite interesting to
understand and how, despite your shared experiences, how your
characters are also quite different.
I think the level of engagement also surprised me.
I don't think I expected to reach the level of depth that
we all did during some of the talks that we had, and
they also went quite late in the night. I thought we would all
just be like, let's go to sleep at midnight.
Sleeps at 3am.
Even now, as an adult, I don't imagine many of
my peers, like, being willing or, like, having the energy
or time to have that level of depth of
conversation. I think that was quite surprising.
And then also seeing Katie, because I know
she's mentioned to me that among her friend
groups, people often tell her she's, like, mature
and she's very wise and stuff like that.
I think last night when you were talking to Josiah, that
was, like, a thought that I had because I was like,
if I didn't know Katie and this conversation was just happening
on the side, and I was, like, listening to it, like,
what would my impression of Katie be?
And I do feel like you're a lot
more tempered, a lot less loud. Like at home
I feel like your energy is all over the place.
You're much more controlled and composed, and then you have
a lot of, like, head nods and, like, at home,
it's just like, Hey! But I'm, like, I can see
why people would have that impression of you.
And also, like, having, like, three
older siblings maybe influences your thoughts. Yeah.
The last question is just then, overall, with this trip,
how do you think we did with organizing it?
If we were to go on a trip again, which I
think we should, is there anything, like, we'd do differently?
What went well?
This is very retrospective.
I think it was pretty good that we
had a call like earlier on, early in the process right,
to figure out our interests.
I think we communicated our desires well
so that no one was disappointed.
No one really bottled up
their emotions or their preferences.
So I think I really like that transparency.
It's also good that we worked as a team,
because the hotel that we initially wanted to book,
was actually, like, closed for two years now.
Closed for two years.
I think because Katie and Kim lived in
the Philippines, we could get their help to call the hotel,
try to call the hotel.
I love the dynamic.
I was thinking about all of us,
and we kind of had different roles.
Both of you guys, like my sister
and Josiah were more like planning, looking after the
logistics, and I think we're also capable of that,
but when we notice, like, oh, we have a lot
of J's right now, so maybe some, like, P energy
to, like, balance it out. From the MBTI.
But generally everyone helps think of each other
and we all can move within a spectrum depending
on what the group needs so I think that was super cool.
Yeah.
My take on it was, like, fairly similar.
Thought the first video call was good
because it was the first time three
of us called since college, actually.
And then just laying out expectations.
After that,
the group chat was good as well.
Just ironing out some of the logistics, picking
the plan out of, like, seven different plans.
No, nine different plans. Nine!
Thanks to Josiah. Yeah.
I think it was very well rounded and well balanced.
We had a good amount of planning, but also flexibility.
We had group time and then alone time, at least for me.
And then we also had activities,
but we also had just talking.
And then we went to some more established restaurants
and then we went to a roadside taco
store that wasn't even a really built place.
It was just, like, tables on the side of the road. Yeah.
So it was a good mix of, like, everything.
Any final thoughts?
It's been a great trip. Yeah.
Really enjoyed it.
Thank you, guys.
Nice. Thank you.
Guys that was solid.
