Hello and welcome to this video, which is looking at this clip right here, let me show you
it's this one here.. the title... if we go back a page to the result, it's this one here
'Filipino child who can only speak fluent Arabic'
how bizarre ... how strange
interesting... okay, so there's this Filipino boy, he's only 7 years old
and 'Al Arabiya English', which by the way is a good channel, link is in description
this channel, 'Al Arabiya English' is claiming that this boy can only speak fluent Arabic
let's find out if that's true
so there's the introduction
so this 7 year old Filipino boy can only speak Arabic
so he's... yeah, he's a really cute kid
he's thinking about his Arabic
maybe Arabic is his first language, or maybe he's learning Arabic secondly because most of his friends
it looks like are Arab cause he lives there
so let's find out
this is Saudi Arabia by the way... the country... this is Saudi
let's go through this and translate it word for word shall we?
'this child... this child doesn't speak...' this Filipino child, it's kind of confusing because we've got the...
in English, we'd say, 'this Filipino child doesn't speak'
but here they're saying, ' doesn't speak this child Filipino'
it's almost an entire reverse of the order
so that's kind of the first thing to notice I guess
'he doesn't speak except in Arabic'
so they're saying he only speaks Arabic, 'he doesn't speak except in Arabic'
'where he lived since his birth with his mother...'
that's in similar order to what we'd say
so where he cared for her... they live in a sponsored ... the sponsors house
the sponsor of the mother, so maybe the mother works for the sponsor
the guy who employs her
and then they all live in this house and they say that the sponsor cares for the boy like he would like a grandson
or something
so he's just basically saying that, you know... it's his duty to care for him
basically
which you know, why wouldn't you care him, he's a boy, he lives in your house
you look after him, treat him with love, respect, and care
like you would your own, I suppose, which is nice which is nice
an now he says... this is the boy now, he takes about 10 years to say this
this is the boy Othman, who speaks with with a much more slang dialect
I actually made a separate video about that which will come up over there
and... this is a difference between Fusha Arabic which is the narration and the mother speaks in
or the mothers' translator
and there's colloquial, so this is quite slang but bear with me
so he says, ' I'm going to talk about our friendship, myself and Othman'
'and how, I mean, we spend out time together
'and we always, you know...' this is like a colloquial slang phrase which I go into in the other video
'I consider him a brother'
'I consider him like a brother'
this bit here... is saying that they've named the child Othman, his name here is Othman
after the name of the sponsor
so basically, they've named him after the sponsor,  in kind of to credit him for
the nice way that they've treated him and as kind of... as a nice gesture towards the sponsor basically
now we come to the mothers' translation... this is the boy's mother
she's now speaking about her son
let's stop there... in fact I'll make that into a separate line
'... they don't speak Arabic' most of the children... I guess she's referring to Filipino children
or non-Arab children
places like Saudi Arabia, Dubai, Kuwait... I can certainly speak for Kuwait and Dubai
having lived there, and when I say Dubai, I mean the UAE
there are lots and lots of people form all over the world
who come there to work and then when they finish work, they go back again
so very few of the expat or immigrant children there
technically they're expats, because none of them actually settle there
because then they go home after
they very rarely learn Arabic
and when I was there
i was often told, 'oh wow, I've lived here for 15 years and all I can say is...
but it's very unusual to... just because you're an expat child living in a country
it's very unusual and quite the exception to the rule
for that child, or that person to actually become fluent in a language like Othman... little Othman has done
so that's something to be quite proud of there
'he actually prefers to Speak Arabic than English'
weird... that's why this video is so interesting to watch
and finally...
this is just the narrator again, he says...
so the father of Othman used to live in this place with his wife
but he's recently moved 2 years ago
that's pretty much it, that's the whole thing translated, please do leave a comment
tell me if I was helpful, it if was good, if it was bad
if I made mistakes or whatever, I don't think I did but...
who knows.. I always encourage my English speaking viewers to scroll down in the comments
because a lot of my audience are Arabs, which is amazing
and fantastic, they're Saudi, Kuwaitis, Egyptians, Lebanese
we go all sorts.. Moroccans, Tunisians, Algerians... everyone's here
and yeah... leave a comment and you can see more videos there and there
and I hope to see you back again on this cannel, Arabic Mike
very soon, thanks for watching... byebye
