When we visited Cádiz,  we didn't know anything about the town of El Puerto de Santa María.
It just so happened that this was the area where we found a Filipino restaurant  
that was open at that time. Anyway, for more info about this restaurant, click on the link  
I posted on the description. While at that, let me just tell you a little bit about this town  
although we never really explored it ourselves. Maybe next time?
El Puerto de Santa María is a picturesque Andalusian town located in northeast of  
Cádiz province which is somewhere in southwest 
Spain. When you're surrounded by such cultural  
luminaries such as Cádiz, Jerez de la Frontera, and 
Sevilla, it's easy to overlook the small print.  
Such as the fate of El Puerto de Santa María despite  its collection of well-known icons.
The town is enchanting and visitors can enjoy exploring the maze of narrow cobbled  
streets and palm-lined main avenue. It has several 
interesting historical buildings and attractions  
including the Saint Marcos Castle, a cathedral and 
the Casa de los Leones. El Puerto de Santa María is  
also home to one of the oldest bullrings in Spain 
where they hold regular concerts and exhibitions.  
This charming town boasts 22 kilometers of coastline.  
It is known for its abundance of sandy blonde beaches and crystalline waters. There are 8  
beaches in total in the region including Muralla Beach which sits protected by the old city walls.
You can also pay a visit to one of the wine and sherry bodegas including the famous Osborne  
sherry bodega. Osborne sherry (with its famous bull 
logo which is highly recognizable symbol of Spain) 
was founded and retains its headquarters here as do a half dozen other sherry bodegas.
This town is also known for its pine woods, white-washed houses,  
tempting cuisine, and smattering of architectural heirlooms.
El Puerto's climate is so mild that the first Botanical Garden was installed here in the  
18th century in order to acclimate the plants and seeds imported from overseas  
El Puerto de Santa María can seem like southern 
Andalusia in microcosm. It's an easy day trip from  
Cádiz or Jerez. You can also take a pleasant boat 
ride over the province's capital city of Cádiz.
