My name's Dough and I'm from Rochester Michigan.
Uh, how did you find out about A Foreign Affair?
I found out about A Foreign Affair when I  
was online looking for a new 
way to find love because...
I just don't want to go to bars or the 
typical dance halls and stuff like that and
A Foreign Affair was perfect for me!
I'm talking with Rob and Rona, 
they made me feel totally at ease.
I felt like I had nothing to worry about.
How would you describe the 
Filipino women you have met?
Awesome! They're incredible, 
they're loving, caring. 
Uhm, they really do care.
They're really family-oriented.
Well, in the socials they let us in and we did the 
first dance and that was really cool like that.
They paired us up with a nice.. uh, attractive 
Filipina, and then we sat down and we had dinner.
And we talked and we rotated it was 
like uh kind of speed dating like.
But you still had enough time.
And if you'd like someone at a table, you 
just let your buddy know which one that was.
And then at the end of the 
night, you'd have a list on. 
Check your mailbox that you had set up and you 
have probably two-three different lists on it.
And plenty of women to check out for a day. 
Why not, it's a simple process.
It's an awesome way to do it!
Have you met anyone possibly special yet?
Oh! Yes, I have.
A very special woman, she's 
near and dear to my heart. 
And you know she's incredible!
I go out to lunch and she says, here "let me 
get you some juice, we'll get some juice."
And I can get my own juice, 
let me help you with this. 
I can help myself it's okay but I can just see.
When I hold her, hug her.
Hold her hand. 
I could feel the love coming from this girl.
She's awesome!
She's a good girl!
The staff here has been outstanding!
Lota, Alex, Don. 
Everybody in the office has been incredible in 
offering their help, they really truly do care.
Lota and Alex are like then mothers.
They're watching out for everybody.
She's a good girl, call her and it's just 
awesome that that's more than i could hope  
for any man could vote for and instead 
of somebody saying hey here's our money  
we got your money okay here's a list 
ladies leave us alone see you later  
not here you truly have a family for life you 
have friends for life so it's not just getting  
your girl of your dreams guys you get a 
family and it's an awesome awesome thing  
what would you say to any man who is sitting 
at home and considering joining the tour  
get off the couch make that phone call and put 
the deposit down i mean you can write letters  
to all day long if you want but the best way to 
do it is to get here and knock on the door of  
that office walk in and they will help you out 
sitting at home on the couch or sitting at your  
computer going through those letters that you get 
forget it guys just make that deposit on the trip  
on the tour and get over here because look at this 
beautiful weather those that are back home in snow  
hope you're enjoying your day but in just one 
or two words describe your overall experience  
on this note outstanding and incredible is 
all i can say well worth every single ten
