Hi everyone. Andy Davis here again from
Master of Voice, a channel with reactions
to performers from across the world. In
this episode, another reaction to Marcelito Pomoy
as he advanced to the
semifinal round of America's Got Talent:
The Champions season. I am so excited to
see his performance so let's jump right in.
I love this one.
 
 
Wow! Up in his beautiful upper register,
that countertenor or male soprano quality.
Of course, this is "Con Te Partiro"
or "Time to Say Goodbye" as it was released
in this duet version. Andrea
Bocelli's signature song and then he did
this version with Sarah Brightman. Of
course, Marcelito's starting with
Sarah's part here. So beautifully done
but what's standing out to me already
are these longer phrases he's singing on
such well controlled and well managed
breath support which is really what it
takes to be able to control that upper register
that he does so well. It's
beautiful.
Now in his lower chest voice.
 
And in that lower chest voice, Andrea
Bocelli register if you will, he really
lets the vowel migrate both back and
forward in sort of the verse or
lower section there. It's a little back into
his mouth but still well-focused
but then, when he wants to go into the upper
chest voice quality, he lets the vowel
migrate forward and it's really focused
into the front of the mask, if you will,
and also a more open, rounded mouth
quality there to really give focus and
definition to those vowels.
Wow! I love that...
The fact that he can swap back and forth
is still what amazes me. You know,
to do it for one section and then do it for
the other, but that section there
he literally switched back and forth from
phrase to phrase and that is just so impressive.
That he has such control over
his voice and the musculature needed to
jump back and forth between those two
registers, I've said it in my other reactions
to him but it continues to
impress me so much and really, to me,
allows us to see his star quality,
his professional musicianship skills here,
and just true raw God-given talent.
Amazing.
Love it!!
 
That phrase right there at the end of
that section is when he really displays
that frontal focus to his vowels which,
to me, gives it that Andrea Bocelli sound.
That signature Italian tenor sound so
beautifully done within the opera world
and the art music world. I am so
impressed with this.
Wow! Oh my gosh! I am so proud of him.
I knew when I heard the intro to this song
it was going to be excellent and I
am so impressed with him. I continue
to be a fan of his. He seems like such a
humble guy a nice, likable performer
but so talented and that talent was just on
full display. You can tell the audience
is amazement, the judges are standing
as well. Let me check out what they said
and see how it goes the rest of this
episode. (pause) I am so happy for him. I knew he
would advance. Thank goodness he did.
There was a lot more talent in this
semifinal round, the caliber of
talent was really amped up. There were
a few numbers here and there that we knew
that he would place above but I'm just
glad that the superfans saw his natural
talent and ability and they enjoyed it
enough to put him through to the finals
where he has a really strong shot of
placing very well if not winning the
entire thing. I am so happy for him
and very impressed. You know, flipping back in
between these two voices is just
so impressive and I love that he finished
off in that upper range. Beautifully done,
well-controlled.
He let the vowel open up just a
little more into his mouth there at the
end, let the resonance flow a bit more
just to finish off such a stellar
performance. It was truly gorgeous.
Everyone is still amazed with his talent
and ability to do these two voices.
I'm very curious what he'll do on the finale.
Maybe some of you have some insight on
that and can leave comments down below.
But, I am just blown away by him. I love it.
He is so talented but I'm just so
happy he can put that talent on full display
here on this series and I am
eager to see the finale with him and
Angelina and the others that they voted
through to see how it all works out.
I hope you enjoyed this reaction.
If you did, please click like and hit
subscribe, leave me a comment down below
and as always have a great day.
