Do you want to get kidnapped?! This is, literally,
what everyone told me, when I wanted to come
here.
ISIS has arrived in Southeast Asia
Fighting to carve out a caliphate in the southern
Philippines. Philippine Army commanders say
the group is recruiting children through study
sessions called Hafiz. The Philippine government
responded by declaring martial law individual
and launching an all-out siege on the city.
We will kill the people who's gonna kill us.
We're just doing what God told us to do. We
will rather die, than to surrender. I never
really imagined it could happen here. I don't
know, I can explain. It's like you're being
stabbed. Ladies and gentlemen.
[Music]
Had leveled huge parts of the city, regardless
of who had started this, the government forces
had done this [Music]
In Romania we have a saying: "the devil is
not that black" . So that's why, we decided
to come here check it out and see what Marawi
actually is like. Life has to move on. There's
no place like home.
Marawi used to be a city near the lake, where
fishing was basically their own income. People
here were living their normal lives, up until
2017 when the MILF decided to go crazy and
start bombing and start shooting and start
doing this. We are now in ground zero, walking
around Marawi, with my friend Yusuf. Hello
guys mostly call me Apat. We lived in ground
zero before, but now we're now living in Mindanao
City University. Okay, yeah and I'm staying
with them yeah and his two wonderful colleagues
and with GG somewhere in the back and we're
going to explore a little bit around here,
before the rain is coming. Yeah this one is:
What's your name? Hello, my name is Fahad.
And also I am Juhair. And you?
I don't know this woman. You don't know this
woman? Well, lucky for me I know this woman.
Okay, let's go and explore. Coming here to
this area was a bit of a challenge, because
when I talked with Yusuf the first time about
wanting to come here, he told me that watch
out there was a bit of a situation before,
I will put the message here and well, on the
way here there were some roadblocks. There
was even a military checkpoint, where they
checked our bags, but I guess this is a good
thing, because if the military is here and
they are checking your bags, that means that
they're keeping the safety and they're keeping
the peace around here, so nothing bad can
happen to you. These two streets that I'm
actually walking through right now used to
be the main street of the city and alongside
the left and alongside the right, all sorts
of shops were once here and it was busy and
bustling and you would have no place to park
your car. It was so crowded and so busy and
so bustling that literally you'd have to just
go back and forth and back and forth and now
you have here one building being reconstructed,
you have one building demolished we have this
we have that and you have that.
It kinda- it kind of looks the same.. I mean,
to get a better understanding it's the same
as this street here in the new reconstructed
part of Marawi. Basically, this street has
been reconstructed just to function as the
old street, because the old Street as you
can see-
not anymore- The only thing which was renovated
was the asphalt, so that people can go from
one place to the other than that-
kind of bleak around here - hello, hi! how
are you? Fine
They're laughing, that's good.
Okay, this is your house? I don't think they
understand English Kuya, is this your house?
No, rebuild!
reconstruction
very nice looks very good it's raining okay
let's go find shelter in one of these buildings
and in the meantime Yusuf can tell you a little
bit more about what happened around here.
Let's go inside here.
Interesting Mr and Mrs Farouk lomango property
okay so this is their property used to be
their building their business
travel and tours in the Philippines okay maybe
this was a travel company, a travel agency
travel agency okay
and at the moment there's nothing here it's
just abandoned buildings
and raining
and abandoned buildings
and more raining and more abandoned buildings
kind of gloomy and grim if you ask me, but
at least people are rebuilding in a way, kind
of - sort of
What do you think? Is it better to leave them
like this or to rebuild? Yeah, it's best to
rebuild. same - I believe the same thing yeah
but it's just that the property owners don't
have the confidence that once the building
is taken down by the government it will be
returned to them. There's still issues. Very
hard to win the people's trust back after
what happened here, okay interesting unbelievable
like all you're seeing the small dots impregnated
in the walls like this. They're like bullet
marks. What did they shoot with? because like
it's full of bullets everywhere like bullet
marks it was a complete chaos here what are
these shoes with guns normal grounds machine
guns bombs cannons everything
there's even a police line side here maybe
some efforts here you're trying to see that
that holds the other groups they tried to
connect all the buildings by taking home or
by training and also they can move around
oh yeah so for the military to go through
the buildings
the bad guys in this
shelter in all the buildings you can see something
like this because it's hilarious okay so these
holes were used for communicating yeah
by the Bad Guys by ISIS [Music] yes let's
see on this side
[Music] okay okay
there's a mosque behind we are more buildings
[Music]
just imagine guys here was once a nice quiet
neighborhood by the lake and then all of a
sudden *poof* it turned into this [Music]
this is the power of War. This is the power
of bad people who wanna accomplish something
for the sake of their well-being, by going
against everything else. Even if there is
a you know helicopters or things on them they
can move around with that really be invisible
in the sky. There were helicopters here too?
Yeah, helicopters planes everything jet fighters
yeah bombings everything. Were there also
any mines? no no so it's safe for us to go
more or less everywhere yeah no mine that's
good that's good at least no month because
those are very tricky it's good that you asked
him after you went in there yeah funny
there may be some bombs that were dropped,
that didn't explode okay the uxo is unexploded
objects uxo this is incredible. Here was a
travel agency and it's ..gone. Take a look
at this it's almost this needs to be demolished.
But it says no consent for demolish.
okay Quezon Avenue
okay, Gigi, come here, I have - I saw something.
Yes, I am careful.
In case you wondered who did this thing, there's
your proof. I mean we've been so far traveling
and also though war sites, but I've never
seen ISIS written on buildings. So far it's
a bit of a - goosebumps goosebumps and all
these holes they were used to communicate
with each other like between them to run through
the holes between buildings to hide, to protect
themselves. Can I have a flashlight please?
Careful okay let's go and check out a little
bit the area around here, so you have here
an area, and now we go a little bit inside
see how it is.
going down
here we have a room with some collapsed things
and
We can go up. Up seems to be blocked by the
trees; there's another room here
this big room here
some construction sandbags
okay
the view behind
with the hole in the wall maybe there was
another building there
no one knows
I think these sacks of cement have been here
a long time because they're a bit dry and
the moment I stepped on one of them it started
wobbling in here at the balcony
we can see
what is left I am careful interesting
hi they're having a party there, they're having
a party there. Okay, in the middle of the
rubble? okay let's go check it out. Yo that's
nice yo good good. Whoa, great thank you!
While walking around here, through the ruins
and talking a bit with the locals - sadly
I cannot show you the locals - who told me
this, because this information is a bit more
sensitive.. They told me that when MILF left
with the Army organization that actually started
the whole thing. When they came here, the
first time they were trying to force the locals
a little bit to join their cause, and the
locals didn't want to join. The locals wanted
their freedom, they just wanted to live in
peace and they just wanted them to get out
basically. The war could be avoided when the
MILF group leader was thinking "if there should
be a war, if there should be a skirmish, if
there should be any actions taken, it shouldn't
be taken here inside the city" because technically
this is a Muslim City this is where Muslims
practice their religion, this is where Muslims
are a bit more conservative, this is where
Muslim people are living. How can you fight
in the name of your religion, in a religious
city? You know that doesn't make sense, yet
somehow someway, things still happened and
the war did take place here, in this in the
city in Marawi, so yeah there are a lot of
speculations. Why, and how and where, but
unfortunately I cannot give you these answers
today, because I don't know them and the people
who are living here either they don't want
to say or they're afraid. How are you? okay
you're okay okay I'm okay very good man very
good I'm happy you're okay. Is Marawi safe
to live in? Here, yes safe yes no kidnapping
no no problems no problems no more problems
no problems no more problems. No ISIS? No.
Very good man! It's peaceful. Very good, that's
what I wanted to know, thank you so much,
thank you so much you're the best, very good
thank you! I want to show the people that
Marawi is a good place. Good place, very good
place, but my sister is
English speaking. My sister - how come you
decided to still stay inside Marawi after
all this thing happens? I just recently this
this street was renovated yes this street
is allowed District only. You came here and
opened your shop again? Oh, we, we have our
own shop outside, outside and transfer here,
after after they allowed us to come back.
Why? We can't afford anymore there. Yes, yes
that's why you came back inside? And where
do you like, where do you like to stay more,
here or outside? Here. Here? Yes, because
this was your original place. It's the original
place. Very good.
People are very resilient, they don't care
about bombs, they don't care about machine
guns, they don't care about ISIS, they come
back and they work back here. Very good thank
you so much thank you so much.
[Applause] [Music] yes dodo explorers okay
[Music]
okay thank you so much thank you so much man
thank you so much have a nice day have a nice
day have a nice life and I don't know yes
hi [Music] thank you so much man uh seeing
people like this gives me goosebumps again
we have here some bike tires
and this looks a bit burned out I think the
whole building was at some point burning down
from the fire pit here
and uh another fire pit here
and another fire pit there and one more here
and the bathroom [Music] yep toilet okay
and this side
the washroom
okay a little bit gloomy and grimy but so
far this building is keeping a shelter from
the rain so technically it's our new home
for the next 15 minutes 20 minutes till the
rain is going well the civilians were instructed
to go out of the city but fortunately there
were a local uh groups who made the initiative
to rescue them they are here please go out
we are here to help you could not respond
because they for a few for more weeks they
had their food they had no food so they could
not respond so they were trapped inside yeah
oh my God I used to I used to work in upward
and um I I received videos from music agencies
that are trying to seek help to translate
uh rescue videos of those trapped people I
won't ever rescuing could not move see it
looks like a dead because so no food for water
at some point it's good emotionally I'm not
that aspected it's my family is safe safe
yeah it's hard to think why did this happen
true to up to this date I could not understand
why these things happen because um local people
trusted their fellow Mariners and then they
think that it was like something stupid to
you know let the city destroy because this
is the only city where majority of our tribe
is
[Music]
I mean it's hard to understand it's hard to
understand we have to we have to be positive
because life has to move on I agree nothing
you can do to return everything [Music] you
take away everything yeah and then you build
new buildings and you forget about what happened
yeah exactly yes if there are some bad people
in this world they don't have to I know mess
up the whole image of this Village just because
some stupid people at some point decided to
go crazy you know we're moving on we're taking
a positive outlook in life but in terms of
Rehabilitation I I think you've been invited
for after six years 13 from 2017 Liberation
you can see the progress of that we have a
vacation yourself I will not comment on that
okay where were you living inside all of this
space around that area along that area somewhere
okay and when when the whole thing started
were you here now I was working in the city
you were lucky yeah and the thailands too
right it was a day before the Ramadan so okay
Marana practice the day before Ramadan you
have to celebrate it on the first day along
with your family we normally go to our respective
municipalities okay so luckily all my siblings
municipalities where we
and all the stuff our belongings no more and
the City what about you guys where were you
staying um we are in Marathon place it's far
from here so you can get only for studying
at school okay interesting three of us like
most of the Mariners have the relatives living
here okay he has relatives living around this
area how is living here good good yes no kidnapping
no more bombs very good man very good peaceful
place do you know what I can go get some food
like something something
thank you guys
[Applause]
[Music] even in the rain in the middle of
the rubble people are still friendly [Applause]
yeah
so how is it living here
no no very good man very good I like it there's
a restaurant along that road but it's it's
too far yeah and it's raining now then let's
wait out for the rain okay let's go check
out what they have first and if it's good
it's good if not not hello hey hey guys what's
up [Music] what kind of food do you have here
only junk food and burgers
there's only two left
we will take 20 minutes 30 minutes we have
time we have time yeah we have time there's
raining outside nothing to do everything is
gloomy okay don't recommend let's sit down
and have some food
the Magnificent five
okay sit down come on let's go now food here
is good the food is good yes I trust you there's
some plus still here yes
it looks like a cozy place hey you have a
cat we have those annoying balls that were
annoying me in Davao but it's okay explorers
[Music]
yes I'm from Romania Romania Romania small
country far away
yes I know a little bit of German but I'm
not from Germany
guys how is life here it's good it's good
a little bit boring yeah but other than that
it's good safe no problems
we're students
what's your name brother my name is
for sure
nice to meet you Michael nice to meet you
okay and you you live here now no no we we
are students from this country here and you
come here every day yes but you you live in
the city no really but um
okay 
and 
why do you come here we have school here ah
okay and after school you come and hang out
here yes
okay same reason why I'm here because it's
raining I want to get food
ready to stay here until they're ready
I don't know if I was sleeping anyways it's
okay
since when did the whole world become a thing
[Music] full of them everywhere
it is
from our ancestors
did you 
guys have food yeah just finished what did
you have
it's basically chicken shredded chicken with
rice we're gonna have the same I
and see how this it is you know and everybody
Told Me Not to Come here they told me that
here is going to be very bad that's not true
stereotypes right yeah that's also what I'm
saying there is a lot of army we were also
stopped when we came in for a checkpoint was
okay I mean
okay but for the exit it's another thing
[Music]
what kind of school is this college private
college private college what is the name of
it yeah okay [Music] decision
[Music]
[Music]
she's gonna prepare something nice for us
just like a little bit of poop okay
[Music] okay that's good thank you for preparing
the food for us okay
foreign
[Applause]
[Music] [Applause] [Music]
I know
you were way better than I would be
[Music] good
as much as he hates them he's always there
[Music]
no not for me not for me I get easily bored
with these kind of things
food here we're having a good time we're having
our friends here we're having a good introduction
[Music]
nice steamy rice with a side of chicken chicken
chicken okay
[Music]
thank you 
okay and now let's see what the this chicken
is about do I mix why not mix and you can
mix you can just uh
they're so spicy um
yes more chili garlic I love spicy food foreign
I think this is very spicy but let's see [Music]
spiciness
so spicy
the guy's favorite one time not too spicy
we're going thank you man wait [Music]
you up have a nice day enjoy see you in the
next side on the other side in the new life
bye okay now we can continue with our food
the meat is
shredded chicken and um no so that's good
very good yeah you have described it better
than I could trading Ground Zero here in marawi
we're having one of the best chicken rice
pastilles
there you have it guys food tastes better
here in Malawi
and just like that to the medical of time
rain has stopped
for a bit at least so we can go and explore
around here more let's go
[Music]
[Music] I don't know who wrote that means
Isis in the local [Music] yeah interesting
remember guys when Yusuf told me that there
are holes in the walls well this is how exactly
the people were walking in between the buildings
around here just like that trying to stay
away from the main road and trying to sneak
past the defensive lines of the Filipino Army
around here it's a maze of holes and more
holes and more holes that goes throughout
the whole building area around here interesting
what you doing here whether you lost huh are
you lost
we are you lost
hello good afternoon
you live here you stay here you live here
how you you like it in marawi is it okay kidnapping
bombing no more no more now safe now very
good thank you
friendly people
yes getting together what did he say he said
we should do that for you we should take care
of you yes I will thank you God bless you
take care as well we have a pretty good impression
on how life is around here so there are some
ladies here also out of the school today hi
Hi how are you ladies you're from Malawi you
from here and uh you this is you came here
to pray for the most [Music] study at the
University
pilot madrasa oh okay and now you're going
home yes yes oh very nice and you come here
every day no every every Friday and Saturday
okay what do you think about this place what
do you think about this place it's pretty
it's pretty okay well thank you Romania why
why are you here tourists yes are you vlogging
yes YouTube channel dodo dodo explorers
thank you thank you well have a lovely Friday
and have a lovely Saturday and uh yeah have
a great time studying and passing all your
exams yes thank you [Music] lovely ladies
um students it's a very popular student City
here marawi I haven't seen so many students
since maybe because we Enduro even the ladies
here in the back were like hi Joe oh foreigners
hi Joe standard name but do you do you normally
use that in Europe no not really no this is
America right as for Americans that's maybe
for Americans yes yeah this used to be the
Central Market where you can find everything
and there's a lot of people in there it's
a very busy area but now if you if you go
there you cannot see anything just the stadium
and other government buildings no more businesses
everything was demolished
for having us here thank you bye-bye [Music]
hello
why not um
[Music]
thank you so much thank you appreciate it
nice thanks guys thanks
after 2017. well hello we're still you know
adjusting to the new environment yeah environment
that we have do you were you here before nothing
happened uh no no no I'm not here I'm in Manila
at the time okay yeah okay you came only after
yeah after it's your place yeah this is my
place okay it's a sign that the maranao are
adjusting um you know in a more or less Progressive
Way that's good that's good that's good that's
encouraging that's exactly what we want we
don't have a choice this one is uh we call
it the heaven the place big establishments
and structures are sprouting the maranos are
actually scattered all over the country yeah
to you know to find a job and to study what
did you decide to invest here uh this is my
place yeah so there's no place like home you
know no place to invest you have to help the
community here exactly yeah exactly what's
your name Sir Alex Alex I'm GG nice to meet
you my name is Michael yeah Michael nice meeting
you yeah very good students
more or less we have uh you know the peace
and Order situation is I it's actually good
The Maltese are you know you're struggling
very hard that's true and deeply uh you know
one of the leaders had been you know
yes problematic people on this planet yeah
good it's good uh yeah yeah what organization
you're connected with We Are YouTube people
we're Travelers we just want to show the world
we just want to show the world that this is
not a devil's place you know you are one of
the best bloggers
people you know um they think that the Marana
I mean marawi cities uh you know but in reality
it's that the people are very friendly okay
nice meeting you thank you nice meeting you
too and thanks for spending time with us thank
you hello good afternoon hey [Music] what's
up all good thank you
tension area where the people who were displaced
by The Siege have come and sold shelter they
build their services somewhat of a community
here and we came here to ask them how are
they living what they're doing how their life
is
very good people
yes 
hello
[Music]
how are you guys doing
you are going to my life Ma I'm going inside
this area yes
[Music] this way okay people seem here to
be friendly and colorful and kids usually
are fun does the color of the rooftop mean
anything
thank you for helping us around hello
Michael nice to meet you hello my name is
Michael hello
yes I wanted to ask you how it was before
The Siege how did you feel it was before is
it peaceful here this is your original peaceful
yes nice people just living off the lake yes
yes no problems no problem the Rebellion we
will start stop uh telling story there yes
we are already peaceful okay how do you cope
with living now in this area up top now this
area is very peaceful area because these people
here are very relative of the city government
okay okay hello this is the grandmother yes
uh there's only temporary now temporary yes
how long have you been staying here we are
already six years
okay and how long do you think you're gonna
stay here till the thing is finished deep
in US ah because we are financed yeah I understand
you know I understand I understand I just
want to know how you feel and how you adapted
as a people from what happened before to now
if life still goes on the same the same yes
we Muslims we are only one only one yes because
our grandfather and grandfather of the other
are relative okay so it's together like one
family One Tribe one people well yes one try
one people we will survive any we will survive
[Applause]
[Music]
I met some people who are still there they
sell there and I went one guy in the shop
he was selling still sit there and ask him
why you will come back this is my house somebody
my lunch yes in total how many people have
been temporarily relocated somewhere else
and they're all living in in complexes like
this
there are more than five thousand okay one
two three four five six seven eight areas
okay in total in all these areas yes yes and
all of them are people that used to live in
marawi inside the center [Music] okay thank
you man thanks so much
this house was deleted by former uh vice president
Lenny Rodriguez yeah
this uh green was financed by housing okay
the brown another one there the areas area
five is about green also area eight is brown
area six is a green area one is
there is no there is no difference okay only
just two style
okay thank you thank you thank you so much
again have a nice day I will I will I will
be careful thank you so much thank you thank
you thank you yes very nice people here [Music]
and lo and behold after all sberry in 10 intense
situation we noticed just a few kilometers
ago we are today part of a massive celebration
here no we are in the gym in the gym of the
Mindanao South University the largest university
in marawi and I think in Mindanao too and
tomorrow actually the graduation ball is happening
so everybody's gonna be dressed very very
nicely we're gonna enjoy the vibe you're gonna
see traditional costumes you should see it
by yourself welcome to the agriculture Museum
of Islamic Arts first of all I am Abdullah
and I am halimbao and we are here
I miss you or Mindanao State University which
was first established in September 1 1961
okay and this Museum was established on March
23 1962 and it was open to public on March
June 13 rather 1969. now the people of those
people who are capable are responsible for
making this Museum Still Standing during this
day okay first of all we have Prince carrying
other kinds of Earth where the museum was
named after okay he is the prime donor of
this Museum alongside him is the first admission
system president of Dr felicidro and the founder
of this Museum Dr Mamita sabir so there you
have it guys life somehow in marawi found
the way back to normality back to reality
people are friendly people are nice especially
Yusuf here thank you so much welcome thank
you so much thank you guys as well so much
you have been amazing people this is an interesting
City if you want to come here and visit it
for yourself you can I cannot tell you not
come you saw the people are mostly friendly
but I mean there's always a risk you never
know where bad people might be hiding so be
careful and tread lightly and who knows maybe
you might meet nice people like we did today
maybe you find your soul mate here yeah okay
who knows especially for you so yeah yes okay
that being said guys thank you so much for
watching it has been an interesting one it
went up and down like a roller coaster of
emotions but it ends on happy note see you
in the next one see you guys take care subscribe
share like comment to spread the news this
burden Youth and don't do stupid things like
the people here before bye foreign [Music]
