Hi fellas, welcome back to my channel and to 
those who don't know me yet I am Fe Eli  
a Filipino-Ilokano living in Slovenia. There 
are two questions that my friends are asking me.  
First is how is the life in Slovenia and the 
second is what foods do you eat in Slovenia.  
So today I decided to start it with comparing 
the Slovenian breakfast to Filipino breakfast.
This is my breakfast for today. I am literally 
hungry!   
In Philippines we have a very very different variety of bread and here in 
Slovenia I find the crust (of bread in general) a little bit hard. 
This is a wheat bread, it's very healthy. So
usually people here especially during weekends  
when family they're together they have a 
breakfast and just one big plate in the middle  
and they just sit around and just eat. I 
have here salami, cheese...this kind is called Ementalec. 
I don't know what that means. In
Philippines I only knew two kinds of cheese-
Eden cheese (processed filled cheese) and parmesan. 
*Actually 3!I forgot to mention cheddar cheese lol  
That's the only two (*3) cheese I knew in my life before I came to Slovenia and when I went to store to buy cheese I 
was confused. I didn't know what to buy. There's so  
many many many cheese. One common spread 
that they have here is''pašteta'' or the pâté.
We also have this in Philippines from the brand 
uh Reno or Rino, a liver spread. I like this very  
much. And of course butter. At first when I tried 
this it's like eating raw oil or fats. 
We do this also in Philippines. 
Put it on a very hot bread so it melts there  
and then we put sugar on it. There is no rule how you 
eat this. Just grab your bread, put spread, eat.
um...very hard.
Salami is um very salty for me so 
I like it very thin, thinly sliced.
And also small cucumber or baby cucumber 
they call it the ''kumarica'' here. I am a  
pepper addict and people also do this here 
to spice up the cheese. Sprinkle some salt and paprika
Coffee here is like what we 
have in Philippines. We call it ''barako'' coffee.
In the Philippines we also have 3-in-1, an instant coffee in a small pack  
just put it in the cup and 
then hot water. It's (Slovenian coffee) strong! 
They have a lot of kind of bread 
but this is my favorite it's called  ''žemlja''
It's soft.
wow look at that.. this is my bread, fluffy and soft  
To compare the slovenian breakfast to the 
breakfast that I was used to.Today I'm having...
Filipino style
Usually in Philippines everybody eats this kind 
of food in the morning but for others they also  
sometimes just eat bread, ''pandesal'' specifically.
It's very common it's like the national bread  
in the Philippines. Here we have fried 
rice with garlic. First you have to  
fry the dried fish and then from the same 
oil you will fry the egg and then after that  
in the same oil again you will fry the rice.
So all those flavors will be in the fried rice.
and of course tomato to again like kumarica 
to neutralize the oil and the salt.
and vinegar. Dip this(dried frish) in.  A must- chili!
Fresh chili, chili oil. Wow that's a lot.
it's very spicy!!! In Philippines we don't have 
a word for enjoy your meal, bon appetit, dober tek.
we just say ''manganen'' in Ilocano or ''kain na'' in Tagalog (Filipino). It's like inviting them to come eat. Sometimes instead of dried fish  
you will see on the plate sausages, we call it ''longganisa'' or 
hot dogs, red hot dogs I love that too
That's all for this episode. I hope you 
enjoyed. What would you choose- Slovenian  
breakfast or Filipino breakfast?  If you 
ask me.. I still prefer the rice :) 
Bye, see you!
