We are here at the most beautiful island, El Nido.
It is at Palawan island, Philippines for an island tour
I am now in the center of the beach at an island that has a hidden beach. 
Welcome to a new video of Tech Travel Eat. 
Today you are going to see beautiful views from Philippines. 
We are at El Nido island. You are going to see our island hopping part 1
Woke up in the morning. Let me show you whats outside our room
Wow! Thats awesome. Now let me go outside and show you whats there. 
Isnt it awesome?
This is where we are staying. Its awesome. 
This is our cottage. Its a beautiful place. 
How is it? Isnt it awesome. When you get out of the room, you reach the beach.
The boats you see there are for island hopping. 
We are staying at this small place. We spent nearly 13000/- to stay for 3 days
They are basic rooms but still its good. 
How is it?
Too good. 
Saheebhai woke up seeing this and said it has an International look. 
It is International. Its Philippines and not Goa. 
We are going for an island hopping tour. We are walking alongside the beach. 
Welcoming all of you to an awesome island tour video. 
The sea has reached the shore that we dont have place to walk. 
We are already beginning to get wet. Cant walk with the slippers on. 
There are so many resorts and restaurants alongside the beach.
This is a resort and you have a restaurant next to it.
Since we are not able to walk in the beach, we are walking through the resort. 
Its a place filled with vibe. They have an awesome pool too. 
When you come to El Nido, they have Tour A, Tour B, Tour C and Tour D.
4 types of tours
We are going for Tour C today. 
If you ask me about it, all are awesome. They go to different places 
I am super excited. When you see the video, you will experience  a super feel. 
We shouldnt have worn  our slippers then
These are rock shoes. 
We have to wear these and go. Otherwise our legs will get hurt.
Its very comfortable. Your legs wont pain. 100 rupees rent for this. 
Our tour is till 4pm. 10-15 of us are going to go. 
We spent 1300 Peso which is around 2000 rupees. 
Its including food which is a good profit. 
Lets get into the Kayak first. 
You dont have to do anything. He will row the boat. 
Awesome vibe. We could have walked and gone. Anyways we are wet. 
We are going to go in that boat. 
You shouldnt miss the tour we are going for today. Its from 9am-4pm. 
Kubera. Jump into the water. 
Anyways we are going to get wet. 
They have a lot of safety jackets. Its an awesome boat. You can go in the shade. 
You can see election posters on the boat too.
They are cooking on the boat. This reminds me of Lakshadweep
Both of us are feeling hungry. We didnt have anything in the morning. 
They have given us life jackets. They have people from different parts of the world. 
Look at those rocks. How long would it be getting hit with water to get this shape 
You can see the waves have hit the bottom of the rock and it has lost layers there
Like that we have reached our first stop, helicopter island.
I think its in the shape of a helicopter. Thats why its named like that
You can see people swimming there. We are super excited for that. 
We are going to jump into the water. We dont have snorkeling items.
If we had them, it would have been an awesome experience from here.
We have a very good visibility here. Look at this. We can dip the camera and shoot
All are going to jump. I am so scared to jump for the 1st time.
Thats how Mamukoya did. He stopped at the middle of the sea and asked to jump.
You have to wear this and jump. There are a lot of stones here.
All are jumping here and going that side. I am scared to jump
He has jumped. Is it deep?
It is very deep. 
I am scared to jump. 
Shall sit and jump. Its just the first time fear. 
I didnt jump. I got down this way. 
It is deep here. I have my camera in one hand.
In Maldives we had Sachin. Here there is nobody to support us
You dont have to swim here. The waves will take you 
I can swim with the camera in one hand. 
My only relief is that I will not sink. 
You feel like you are walking. 
We are about to reach the shore. 
Finally we have touched our feet on the ground. 
Its very deep there. 
Look at the colour here. Too good. 
All are coming in groups and taking pictures. 
Butterfly island. You can see only people like us who have come in the boat here.
Those who dont know to swim, be very careful when you come here.
The guide has mentioned not to get down without a life jacket.
Whether you know to swim or not. This area is flat but it suddenly goes down
Be careful. I was in the water for a long time. What else to do. Then enjoy the view
Saheerbhai has gone to take money from the boat. My bag is in the car.
He has the bag on his body. He will put the money in that and come.
Its to drink tender coconut. We didnt have breakfast in the morning. 
The boat will stop far there and ask us to jump. 
Then we swim and reach the shore. The boats will then come close by. 
100 Peso for 3 tender coconuts. The ones you get have lots of water and  are sweet
The people here cut this to a triangle shape like this. 
You dont even need a straw for this. 
Its very sweet. We are very hungry. 
See what we are eating at this time. 
We dont have another choice. I guess the dog is also feeling hungry. 
When you are hungry, let it be human or a dog, will eat anything you get. 
Its very sunny. Apply sunscreen and get down. I did.
I am already tanned anyways. Full of sunburns. 
Lets jump into the water once again and then go to the boat. 
We are all dried up from the shore. 
They had stopped at Butterfly island for nearly 30mts.
Now we are off to the next island
In Maldives you dont have mountains between islands. Its just sand. 
Here in Philippines, most of the islands have mountains. 
Thats the beauty here. Maldives has a different beauty. Both are different islands
Both cannot be compared. Maldives is very expensive. Here its less than half of it
We have reached another small island. Nobody lives here.
Only boats like ours come here.
Can see openings in mountains where water is getting in. 
This place is called hiding beach. You may wonder where is the beach. 
They will take the boat that side. We jump and swim there.
Behind the rocks is the beach
They say the water level is just upto our knees. Its looks awesome there. 
All these places have tunnels due to the water hit on them. 
All these places are very deep. You can understand that seeing the colour
All are asked to jump. Oh my God!
This guy is calling me Bahubali. After we said we are Indians, he is calling me so
You have a ladder here. You can get down from here. 
Let the get down first. Lets see how is it.
Oh not bad. Its simple.
Saheerbhai, arent you coming?
There is a rope here if you want to catch. 
Too much of waves here. Saheerbhai has jumped 
Too much of waves. 
Too much of waves. 
Its very difficult. I will drink a lot of water I think. 
Its an awesome place. I dont know how do you come back after you go. 
But I am drinking a lot of water 
You have stones below at some places. Some places its deep. 
This is awesome. You just have to lie down here. The waves will take you
You will learn to swim after this.
I know to float. But the issue is holding the camera
After drinking so much water, we are not feeling hungry now. Isnt it?
But this is salt water. 
I would have drunk around 10L of water by now. 
I feared in the beginning because we are drinking a lot of water due to the waves
The place is awesome. Would have been a loss if we didnt come. How to go back?
They might take us somehow. 
Its not moving. We are here for a long time. 
This side is very beautiful. The boat doesnt come this side. 
Maybe because of the rocks. The nature would have taken ages to create this. 
You have to enjoy the nature traveling to different places. 
There is no food or anything here.
We will get from the next island.
The place is amazing. The waves will take you. Nothing to worry. 
Look behind. Its beautiful. Here the waves are less. 
You can see one person snorkeling. You should see whats underwater and swim
Look at that small child. He isnt scared at all. 
Even my lil one is not scared of the pool.
I will take him to the beach and make him fearless.
Isnt this awesome. What a lovely place. This is the hidden beach. 
Its sand down over here. 
Saheerbhai, the beach is there. 
We have reached the hidden beach now. 
We walked and swimmed to reach here. 
Its like after you watched a war or fight. 
 
This place is known as South China sea it seems. 
You said you wanted tender coconut. Do you have money? Its sold in a boat there
Whenever we dont have money, something or the other comes in front. 
They told us not to take cash so that it doesnt get wet. 
This is amazing. Too good. 
We got down the boat there, crossed all these like a war and reached here now.
This is the hidden beach of El Nido, Palwan beach. 
You wont have direct waves to this place. Its blocked by the mountains. 
We are completely relaxed here. 
Looks amazing. Just like we see in Hollywood and Bollywood movies. 
I didnt know there were such hidden places here. 
He has snacks like lays, chips, kurkure etc. I thought of taking money but didnt. 
We never guessed there would be one like this here. 
A person selling lays, kurkure, tender coconut etc in his boat. 
How are you planning to take it? You meant to have it now?
Its to eat now. 
One is enough, right?
They will pour rum in coconut water and give it to us. 
You can have it from here. Awesome. 
Too good. 
He has mixed it in that. 
Thats an amazing business. 
Its awesome. 
Seeing me drinking this, many have come to try the same combo. 
I dont know if anyone of you know them
Beautiful place. Now its time to go back to our boat.
We have to again drink salt water like earlier. We had tender coconut also. 
I dont think we have to have lunch. My stomach is getting full with tender coconut
We didnt have money with us. He said he will come to the boat to collect money. 
All the people out here are very friendly. The places are very clean. 
I loved it. Here there is water only upto our waist. 
Brother, will you take me too. I dont know to swim. 
There are tour guides in our boat. Totally 5 staffs in there. 
They will be there to help us wherever we go. So there is nothing to worry
All we have to do is listen to what they say. 
I am moving forward getting ready to drink water. 
Not its tough time. Where is our boat?
I have begun to drink water. Cant we go after they come?
We are moving here and there without any direction. 
A huge wave is approaching us. I cant see our boat. 
Saheerbhai is pulling me and going 
Thank you. He has given us a rope. We shall hold on to that and move. 
He is pulling the rope from there. I am tired drinking water. 
Pay him the cash. 
Isnt the cash with you or in here?
I am tired. Drank a lot of salt water. 
Finally we got back into our boat. It was an awesome place. 
He collected money from us and went back in that boat. 
There are a lot of boats coming here. We went behind this mountain swimming
We are leaving hidden beach and moving to the next destination
Thats an awesome place. We went to the middle of these mountains and got back
There are many boats like ours here. I think they stop somewhere and serve food
There are many hidden beaches here. 
You can see boats stopped over there. I think people are having food there. 
I think we are also going to have food. 
We are going to have food. 
Both of us are very hungry. 
Look at the colour of the water. This is too good Saheerbhai. 
Yes. My stomach is full of this water now. We will be stopping for food soon
Will you get this feel if you stop at any five star hotel? Can you get food like this?
No. Or you have to go to Maldives paying lakhs. 
Awesome vibe. 
There are many people selling tender coconuts in boats here too. 
They are taking reasonable rates here. 
You can see them rowing in between. The water is so crystal clear. 
I am so hungry. We havent had anything today. What to do?
Our boat is finding it difficult to park here. All the boats are wide. 
They have to fit into this gap. 
He has stopped at a place where its not too deep. 
We are all set to have lunch. 
Its just a place below a mountain. Nothing else here. 
The water is crystal clear. 
Saheerbhai, jump.
I am wet and hungry too.
The shoes they gave us is so helpful. Otherwise we wouldve had a tough time
We are here at Talisay beach. Its a small place here. 
You can see many boats here stopped to have food. 
Its a very small beach. The attraction here is surely the mountains. 
We could see the people cooking food in the boat. 
All the boats have the facility for cooking. Then they set tables here and serve
Bahubali is bringing our food. 
This is what we have ready to eat. 
Check it out. There is rice. Is this raw?
I think they are cooked. Look at them. 
This fish is boiled with just salt and tamarind I think. 
A sauce is served along with it. 
Green salad, pork, tuna and eggplant dish, 
Prawns, crab, mussels, noodles, chicken and again pork. 
All of us have assembled to click a picture with the food. 
Come fast. Now its time to attack. 
Awesome. All are hungry. But we shouldnt behave like that. 
Noodles is awesome. Yet to take fish and others. 
Rice is also there. They have prepared all in such a way that all can eat. 
When you are hungry, everything will be tasty. 
Of course. Its always like that. 
Fish, chicken and all can be eaten. Not much issues. 
The food was awesome. Except rice, everything else is over. 
Fruits and other items were good. Noodles was very tasty. 
Since we were hungry, everything was tasty. 
Its just beach, having food and again into the beach. 
I think they will take to some other islands now. 
After our food, they are taking all the remaining and wastes back to the boat
Nothing will be left here. Each and everything is taken back. 
You can bring snacks for yourself. They will provide water. Food is only on time. 
You can bring snacks and beer with you. 
You get to buy at some places. We had food and are relaxing now.
The beach is so good without any waves. Can hear music from the other boat
They are taking back all they brought from the boat. After that we will leave. 
A place filled with vibe, very relaxing place. No range or contacts with anyone outside
Its amazing. Thats it. 
See how neat and clean the water is. 
We feel jealous seeing people utilizing the beach and tours in outside country. 
Even we have good beaches in our country and what the hell do we do there?
Isnt it true?
Very true.
I meant Andaman and Lashadweep. Move from there, thats coming. 
Goa has made use of it at least little. The beach isnt like this. 
But Andaman and Lakshadweep will make Maldives stay away. Its amazing. 
Beautiful places but our policies are like that. What to do?
All are boarding the boat. Let me also get in. Arent you coming Saheerbhai?
To remove the sand from the shoes, I kept the shoes in my hand. 
Shoes is a big relief for us. Its very helpful
Our cash is over. Just 20 left with us. 
To buy tender coconut, we had to take 200 from them. Now should give them back
Now after food, we leave from here. I have no idea where are we going. 
All are asleep. I had a small nap. Saheerbhai is sleeping.
I think he driver is also sleeping and driving.
I am not coming. Are you coming?
Both of us can go together. 
I am not going. Are you coming?
You can take a photo from the top of that mountain. 
You have to pay 100 extra for that. We are running out of cash. 
Cant ask them for money again too. 
We shall jump, have a swim and come back. 
It not deep here but there are stones. Its so nice to jump and be in this water. 
Its like being in a swimming pool. Awesome vibe. 
We havent seen a single Indian in all these days travel. 
Why is it like that?
They select more of Bangkok and others.
They go to Manila.
Actually there is nothing in Manila.
I have been to Thailand and here. You have seen my videos.
Philippines is far better than Thailand.
You have places like Phuket in Thailand. Flying to Thailand is cheap. 
Packages are cheaper there. Nobody gives packages here. 
There are packages for tourists. But actually here its cheaper than Thailand. 
Fly is cheaper but package is expensive. 
Accommodation is expensive. You can fly by AirAsia paying 10-15K
Thats for Kochi-Manila. Then you have to pay more to come here. 
From Manila, to go to each island you have to pay extra money. Y
You can plan in advance and get an affordable rate. 
Here food, drink and accommodation is also available in a budget rate. 
You have to plan in advance where all are you going to fly to. 
It may be more than what you paid for Kochi-Manila to come to the islands here
There is a small beach here. The boats are stopped here on the side. 
You can see a cross here. Its not a church. You can see something and all here. 
Nobody stays here. Its a church. 
Look at this view. Its an amazing place to take pictures
Its 3pm. Will start to get dark soon. The water is crystal clear. 
Do you know how the rocks become like this? Its standing like trees. 
Water keeps hitting it and it begins to loose shape and become like this. 
Look at the boat in the water. 
The people here are so good. They dont have any cheating mentalities here. 
All are well behaved people. People coming here also are just in for enjoying. 
We are also here to enjoy life. So all of you enjoy life too. 
Is it deep?
I am already shooting. What more do you want me to shoot?
Done. Lets go. My hands are burning. Looks like I have sun burns today also
There comes our boat. I didnt wear my jacket. Is it deep there?
It is deep here. I havent worn my life jacket. 
You can go upto there. 
Kubera boat, come here. I dont have my jacket. 
Oh I am speaking hindi.. Please help me. 
All Bahubali fans here. They are calling us bahubali and kattappa. 
By the time we leave Philippines, either we learn to swim or the sea will teach us. 
Sujith bakthan learning to swim in the sea. 
We are back. Done with todays activities. 
Saheerbhai put his phone in water. Are you able to switch it on?
I guess its display would have gone. Is this the one that went from Russia?
No. I changed that. That broke at the back. This is in the front. 
He got down into the sea with his broken phone putting it in a cover. 
That was a made in China cover. How can you trust it?
We are back. Its 5.30pm. We got out at 9am and back at 5.30. 
The video that you saw all this time was shot for 9 hours. 
In the morning, this area had water. We walked up there and on the sides. 
Now the tide is low. It will rise again at night. 
This is where we are staying. Its called Fabregas beach cottage, Palwan.
I shall post the google map location to this place in our description box. 
Tell them the specialty of this place. 
Money Heist was shot in this place.
Where at this house?
No. At Palawan. I meant this area. 
We are back. If you have liked our video, do comment and subscribe to our channel
Do come here and enjoy the place. 
We have planned other varieties for tomorrow. 
See you with that tomorrow. 
