Hello.
Welcome to our Youtube channel,
sat YOUR day vlogs here in Australia.
We are Filipino couple who migrated here in Australia from Singapore. 
In this video, join us as we walk to West Epping Park. 
We will share with you the difference between living in Singapore and Australia
based on our personal observations and experience 
during our stay in Singapore for almost 13 years 
and our stay here in Sydney, Australia for more than a year.
Let’s all watch this video.
[ music playing ]
Those flowers are beautiful.
Let’s discuss the difference between  living in Singapore and Australia.
What’s the first thing that you’ve noticed when we moved here in Sydney?
Foods here are expensive. 
Yeah, food here is expensive. 
In Singapore hawkers, you can buy 4.80 to 5 dollars a meal,
while here the cheapest is 10 dollars. 
One serving is good for two people.
But during your lunch time, 
if you are alone, 
10 dollars is expensive for one person.
Coffee is expensive here as well.
In Singapore, one cup of coffee costs 1.60 dollars 
from our favorite coffee shops Toast Box and Atap.
Here, one cup of coffee costs 3.50 dollars.
Although you can buy one dollar coffee from 7 Eleven;
however, you cannot find 7 Eleven everywhere
and not all 7 Eleven offers one dollar coffee. 
[ music playing ]
Based on our observations, 
food is expensive here in Sydney Australia than in Singapore.
There are no hawker centers here
you can buy food from food courts inside the mall or restaurants.
We bring our own lunch every day to save.
[ music playing ]
 What else? 
People here in Australia are friendly.
They are friendly but they don’t mind other people's business.
They will always say hi.
If you bring your lunch at the park for example,
you will not feel awkward or shy.
We noticed that people here are friendly.
They will really say good morning, hello, good day.
Unlike in Singapore, people there are always rushing and might be very busy,
that is why maybe they don’t have time to smile or say hi to you.
[ music playing ]
What else? 
How about public transport?
Public transportation fare here is expensive.
We spend 5 dollars going to the city, one way.
Maybe around 9-10 stations and its 5.15 dollars already.
One station costs around 3 dollars.
In Singapore, two way is 3 dollars (Newton to City Hall Station).
50 dollars Ezlink top up can last for one month, 
While here in Australia, 50 dollars Opal card top up is good for 1 week only.
With regards to public transport, 
aside from its expensive here in Sydney Australia,
The difference between Singapore and Australia is
they allow people to eat and drink here and still maintain cleanliness. 
In Singapore you are not allowed to eat inside public transportation.
We also noticed that most of the people here have their own private vehicles; 
however, we cannot compare the expenses between the two
because we don’t have our own car yet here in Sydney, Australia.
[ music playing ]
What can you say about the work culture?
Working here in Australia is more relaxed and not stressful.
Overtime in Singapore is normal. Work extend sometime until late in the evening and during weekends.
Here in Australia, most people go home on time.
Around 5PM to 5:30PM
Working overtime is not encouraged here.
Colleagues here are kind and nice same as in Singapore.
In terms of working culture, the difference between Singapore and Australia,
Here in Australia, they really practice work-life balance.
They don’t encourage overtime work.
This is based on our experience in the field of architecture.
[ music playing ]
Wow!
This park is huge.
We are here at West Epping Park.
[ music playing ]
They have field, basketball court, and playground.
Where can we sit? 
Let’s sit on that bench.
Let’s go.
[ music playing ]
For parks and playground and other recreational places, 
there are lots of places to explore here in Australia for free. 
If you can watch our previous videos, 
we discovered more places here in Sydney for free. 
We also noticed that most of their playgrounds here have complete facilities
like open field, toilet, locker room, office and playground for all age group.
Maybe we appreciate parks, playgrounds and other places here in Australia
because now we have more time to explore and discover these places.
[ music playing ]
They have slides here for kids.
Let’s walk around?
It’s around 5pm now and sunset here is at around 5:30PM.
That's the parking area. It’s our first time to visit this park.
There are lots of areas here for different age group
parents can also play table tennis while waiting. 
There’s barbeque pit area as well.
This part is the café, then toilet at ground floor. 
Then this part is the neighborhood parking.
This park and facilities here looks new.
They have a wide football field for all kinds of sports.
Look, there's a match going on with players wearing their team uniform.
[ music playing ]
Bowling and recreation club opened on 1961.
[ music playing ]
This building is modern and simple.
This field is made of synthetic grass for less maintenance.
There’s barbeque, seating area, and café.
[ music playing ]
Thank you for watching our video.
If you have suggestions, please feel free to comment down below.
And if you like and enjoy watching this video, please like and subscribe. 
Thank you again for watching this video.
Take care, stay safe, and God bless you!
Thank you very much! Until next time!
[ music playing ]
