With over 7,000 islands, the Philippines boasts
as a prime destination country in South Asia.
There are so many things that can draw you
to this beautiful territory: Is it its many
world-class beaches, splendid lush forests,
and mountains, or the pristine, remote regions?
Just know that whatever piqued your interest
to visit the Philippines is absolutely true
and is very much worthy of your trip, which
is why it is also essential that you consider
numerous unfamiliar situations and customs
of the Philippines and its friendly locals
so that you can prepare very well for your
visit and exploration.
We've helped you compile an exciting list,
and in this video, we will be telling you
the things to do and things not to do in the
Philippines, which will ensure that you experience
a smooth, enjoyable visit to the country.
Hey, I know what you might be thinking now.
But these dos and don'ts are not chores meant
to dull your exploration; instead, they will
help you do the opposite by adapting real
quick and almost acting like you've been around
for a while.
Before we cut to the chase, kindly hit the
subscribe button and notification bell to
be updated with exciting facts about other
countries from Travel Droner.
Done?
All right.
So the first thing to do is...
Visit During The Dry Season
You should start your tour in the dry months,
between November to May.
The climate in this period eases your movements
and gives access to remote islands and provinces,
which are prone to typhoons during the rainy
season.
During summer, the temperature is very high
and almost unbearable, so there is really
no need to try to reschedule multiple times
to make an inconvenient summer appointment
in the Philippines.
The dry season just before summer is generally
best for you to visit, and it even offers
more exciting trips than the ones you get
to go during the summer.
Also, Prepare For Intense Humidity
Ensure to pack clothes and accessories that
are fitting for a humid climate.
The Philippines experience significant humidity
in the dry months.
This makes breathing a little difficult and
can cause you to sweat for quite some time.
So, pad enough shorts, loose shirts with reflective
colors, sunglasses, and an umbrella.
Do you have bikinis for your beach outing?
Well, pack them.
Book affordable hotels or resorts that are
close to your interest spots
Another thing to consider is the kind of place
you will lodge in for the period of your visit.
Luxurious hotels are scattered across the
islands, ready to offer you great hospitality.
However, an accommodation arrangement that
won't eat deep into your budget is what you
should really consider, especially if you
plan to stay for a more extended period or
would be moving from a distant province to
another.
Also, ensure to check the proximity of your
chosen hotel to the places you want to tour.
It will cost much less transportation if the
attraction sites are close to your place of
stay.
Speaking of transportation...
Do Not Rent A Car
Renting vehicles in metropolitan areas like
Manila is expensive and even more inconvenient
if you can't easily find your way around the
city alone.
Depending on your location,
it is advisable to use the service of app-booking
cars or use public transport.
App-booked cars are more efficient and safer
in cities.
Uber and other app-booking companies are active
in metropolitan areas.
Meanwhile, in smaller provinces, the routes
are a bit funny, so it's best to use the public
transport system because they have fixed,
affordable prices.
You can get tricycles or jeepneys to transport
you to more remote regions where you can't
resist visiting.
If you want it to be more exciting, hire a
bicycle, so you can make stops at local restaurants,
bars, or shops…or to even view some beautiful
places around.
Keep Enough Cash And Some Pocket Change
To avoid running out of cash in remote provinces
where ATMs may not be available, make sure
to carry enough cash that will get you through
a day's visit, at least.
Ensure to get the best exchange rate for the
local Philippines Peso and request that some
of the cash be broken down into 50 or 100
Peso bills.
This is because the cyclists navigating in
smaller areas are most likely not to have
change for a Peso bill of 1000 or 500.
So, it's reasonable to have some 100s or 50s
in your pocket.
(Before we get to the second half of this
exciting guide, kindly pause to like this
video and click the subscribe button.)
Tip After Service
The Philippines offer some of the cheapest
services in the whole of Asia, so it's common
to drop a tip for servers after a satisfactory
service.
No, it's not compulsory to leave a tip, but
the really great services offered in the country
have made it delightful for customers to drop
tips.
A tip is usually 10 to 15 percent of your
final bill at restaurants.
The same rate also applies to spas and salons.
If you don't want to tip based on the percentage
of the final bill, you can tip based on service
satisfaction, especially after a taxi or Uber
ride.
Oh, they won't forget to ask for a five-star
rating as well.
Mix With The Locals And Address Elders With
Respect
The locals are called Filipinos, and they
are a very welcoming and friendly people.
They exude even more positive energy when
they notice you are a foreigner.
So, feel free to interact with them as they
enthusiastically tell you about their culture,
whether you meet them on the beach, in a bar,
or park.
Just as they are big on friendliness, they
also regard themselves with an outstanding
level of respect, especially towards older
people.
So, whenever you talk to an older Filipino,
show good manners by addressing them with
honorifics like 'po'.
For instance, when you want to greet 'good
morning,' say, "good morning, p."
Such expressions show that you care very much
about their age, and they won't hesitate to
respect you as well.
Do Not Resist Sampling The Local Cuisine
It is almost impossible not to try Filipino
delicacies when the locals are very passionate
about their food, which is seen in how they
talk about it and how much food they eat daily.
A typical Filipino eats five meals a day,
including two light meals in between the regular
meals of breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
And they won't mind stuffing you with some
of their best delicacies like the vinegar-flavored
Adobo, the beefed-up Kare-kare, and lots more.
So, come with an enormous appetite because
an acquaintance is likely to invite you to
his home, not for any other reason, but to
pump your mouth with lots of tasty food.
Do Not Expect Everyone To Be Fluent In English
You may already know that the Philippines
was once a colony of the United States of
America, meaning that Filipinos are familiar
with English and speak it very well.
However, you shouldn't expect every Filipino
to have a smooth conversation with you in
English, especially in remote areas where
communication in Filipino or any other indigenous
language is common.
You have to be patient and sympathetic when
you meet a Filipino who can't communicate
well in English.
It's not their mother tongue, and in cases
like this, it is reasonable for you to learn
basic Filipino like 'magandang umaga,' which
translates as 'good morning.'
Do not buy or take drugs in the Philippines
EVER.
The Philippines have some stringent drug laws.
Seriously just say no if somebody approaches
you offering you drugs.
Quite simply, do not look for drugs in this
country; at best, you get arrested or deported,
or worst-case scenario, even shot and killed
by the police.
The president in charge is not messing around;
he has a 0 tolerance policy for crime and
drugs.
DON'T flash your valuable things in public
The Philippines is, in general, a safe country
to travel to, and the locals are very nice
and friendly, but in some parts, like in Manila,
you will run into snatchers and pickpockets
everywhere.
Here are some tips on how to avoid them:
Don't display wealth, no gold chains, no cellphones,
no cameras to keep you out of the snatcher's
eyes.
Don't use electronic gadgets on the side streets.
Keep your valuable belongings secure and safe
from the snatcher's reach, such as your wallet,
smartphone, and other personal items, when
visiting tourist spots, walking around, or
using public transportation.
Do Not Join Rallies
Do your best to avoid any mass protests and
rallies during your stay in the Philippines.
The Philippines government does not take kindly
to foreigners involving themselves in such
activities.
According to the country's Bureau of Immigration,
all foreign nationals are prohibited from
participating in political rallies and mass
demonstrations.
Doing so is considered illegal, and you risk
getting blacklisted or deported.
During mass demonstrations, it is best to
stay indoors.
Even if you want to step, stay far away from
scenes of protests.
Also, ensure to move with a local who can
vouch for you and accurately report your activities
during the period of a protest or rally.
Enjoy Your Stay
You are promised a fun and relaxing time in
the Philippines, provided you immerse yourself
in the islands' array of attractions and ensure
to remember the dos and don'ts in the country.
Remember, you are visiting there to have a
special kind of fun you haven't experienced
before, so make sure to bask in the sunshine
of the beaches, belch countlessly after consuming
plenty of delicious foods, and make lasting
memories with the friendly Filipinos.
And also, don't forget to like this video
if you haven't done that already.
Go ahead to click the subscription button
and notification bell.
Do well to comment with the dos and don'ts
that interested or shocked you the most.
We would love to hear from you.
