Hi everybody. Welcome back to Mat Salleh TV. Recently i made a video where i reacted  
to different national anthems from South Asia. Countries like India and Pakistan. One of  
my subscribers asked me if i can make a reaction to national anthems from here in Southeast Asia  
Today i'm going to look at six different 
national anthems from six different countries  
in Southeast Asia and we can see how they compare. First we're going to listen to the  
Cambodian national anthem and this is Nokor Reach. I've been to Cambodia three times and
I really love the country. I have been to Siem Reap and Phnom Penh. 
It's a really beautiful country with good food
It seems very regal and very royal
It's really moving and 
melodic. Really stunning
Very beautiful. I never expected that from Cambodia. Very royal and very different  
I love the Cambodian flag. You can see Ankor Wat on it. It's very unique flag and this is a very  
unique national anthem for Cambodia. It's really nice to hear that. Next we've got Vietnam  
and this is Tiến Quân Ca. That's 
another country i've been to. Only Ho Chi Minh  
I really enjoyed it there. It was really cool
This sounds more dramatic and 
almost like a military style
Even if it words are more military style
That's Vietnam. That definitely was very different to the Cambodian national anthem
This definitely had a more military style. It's very epic music and yeah i think it fits  
Vietnam very good considering Vietnam's history. It pays respect to that. Next we've got  
Thailand and this is Phleng Chat. Thailand 
I've been to many times.I got married in Thailand  
I used to live in Thailand for one year in Bangkok
This is more uplifting and happy
'Thai people are peace loving but not cowards towards war'
Really strong words. It says that Thailand is a very peaceful country which it is with  
the happiest and friendliest people. But it also says they're ready for war if it needs to happen  
So it shows that although they're nice people they are very strong too. One thing I  
remember about the Thai national anthem is when i went to the cinema in Thailand they play the  
national anthem before the movie. Everybody stands up and pays respect to it. That is very unique and  
something i really enjoy. Next we've got Philippines. This is Lupang Hinirang 
In Philippines I've been to Boracay. That's where i got engaged. Where i proposed to my wife
Filipino people are also very friendly and nice
This is more powerful than i thought it was going to be
'A beautiful land of love'
This is the most powerful one so far
I wasn't expecting 
that. I was expecting something  
more soft and gentle because i know the Filipino people are so friendly and warm  
But this was another almost military sounding national anthem. It was so powerful 
Those military sounds and the drums in the background with the words also very strong 
I think very similar to other countries 
in Southeast Asia. The people are great but they  
are very strong behind that friendliness. That was really interesting from Philippines  
Next is Indonesia and this is Indonesia Raya. Indonesia i've been to about five times i think  
Another great country this one's got great food and also friendly people too  
I really love visiting the 
country. I hope i can go back soon
I love how they keep repeating Indonesia. It must male people so proud of this national anthem
This is the most perfect one. 
It's just so beautiful to listen to. Cantik
This is like almost operatic 
in the the music and in the voice
That was Indonesia Raya. That was really so cool. The music was like a full orchestra  
You hear all those instruments coming together with that powerful voice but again the words are  
so great. I can really see how this national anthem would inspire the Indonesian people  
The words are perfect and it just suits Indonesia as a country perfectly well  
That's great and last we've got Malaysia. This is Negaraku. Malaysia is obviously the country i live  
That's where my wife is from. Where my child is from. Malaysia is a country very close to my heart
Another very beautiful national anthem
Very grand too
Paying respect to the King. The King is very important to Malaysia
Listen to that voice
A great way to finish from a 
country i love so much  
The music on that was probably the most epic from all of them. The words were moving
That's six amazing national anthems 
from here in Southeast Asia. Tell me what you  
think about all of them. I think they're all very different but all of them have powerful music with  
strong words. Tell me what you think about each of them. Do you have a favorite? Thanks
