In this video I bought 20 Filipino snacks and drinks to try
A unique corn snack
This is known as Philippines corn nuts
They have a lighter crunch than typical corn nuts
It has a thin shell with light crispy insides
Can say its like a corn kernel with gas
Overall a light snack with yummy sweet and savory seasoning
A snack with an exciting flavor
A puffy cracker that comes coated with cheese dust
Mmm, It has a milky cheese flavor and I can almost taste the smoky ham in it
Will do leave you with the 'Cheeto' fingers
Overall it is a satisfying cheese snack to have when you aren't doing anything else with your fingers
There weren't many drinks at the shop but there were some choices for pineapple juices
I will try the unsweetened one first
Mmm delicious, it is still sweet
Now for the sweeten one
I can taste more 'stuffs' in this and it doesn't taste as natural
I much prefer this!
It has a simple ingredients list
Rather than a complex one
A unique looking snack
Ah, this is more like a biscuit rather than bread
It is alright, there is a slight buttery hint to it and is sweet
Next we have Chicharon which is deep fried pork skin
It is popular snack in Philippines and it also comes in a pork free version
The pork free version
The original pork version
The vegetarian one is much thinner and has most of its flavors coming from the seasoning
The original version is much thicker and has lots of natural porky taste
Both are very crispy and delicious in their own ways
The dried mango comes in slices
This is one of the best dried mango I have ever eaten
They taste sweet and natural, very nice
Amazing they are still soft and moist to the touch
It is simply garlic deep fried in coconut oil
Comes thinly sliced
Yummy, I love garlic
This is booming in natural garlic flavor and heat
A great snack for those needing a healthy option
Small but still lethal, would want to avoid this if you are having a date
These are cupcakes!
Doesn't come with an even amount of flavors
First we have pandan flavor
Next is a chocolate one with a nutty top
Then a chocolate one with chocolate chips top
And a sweet potato one with coconut flakes
And lastly a cheese one
They look really good!
Let me try the pandan one
Mmm, it taste like the pandan chiffon cake that I like
That are coconut flakes in it though not as much and evenly spaced as the picture
Overall they are moist and rich cup cakes!
You don't need to head to the bakery for lovely cup cakes!
It is hot cocoa!
Pure cocoa powder
Cocoa powder is hydrophobic, so there is going to be some key elements in making hot cocoa
With dry ingredients before wet
Ingredients to be mixed well
And having the usage of heat
And with that your lump free hot cocoa is done!
It smells good!
A very sweet hot chocolaty drink!
It is lovely but I think 1 tablespoon of sugar is enough next time!
It is like french fries
They are shoestrings which are long and skinny
They are lightly salted and easy to snack on
Lid cannot be shut once opened though
It comes in a soft chewable candy form
It is sweet, milky with a peculiar taste which should the jackfruit flavor
It has a chalky texture and strong jackfruit flavor that is not for all
Crackers that comes in a big container!
They come in a set of 3 with perforated lines
Which should snap off in a straight line when you break them apart
It is hard to describe the taste of it
I would say it is like a tasty oily thin hard bread
The best thing about these cracker is that they go great with toppings
Then they would create a mini feast!
A delicious versatile snack!
They are thin disc shape tortilla chips
Flavorful with a toasted corn taste
Cheap and pretty good!
This is the staple fruit candy in the Philippines
They are made of riped tamarind pods boiled with sugar and salt
It is coated in sugar
They are sweet, sour and salty and may come with hard seeds
You can always squeeze them first to check for seeds
Overall I find it enjoyable to eat this strong flavored candy
Kinda like those sour candies that will crunch up your eyes and mouth
A box of chocolate bars
With the box we can have it display just like in the stores
A chocolate covered candy bar filled with nougat, caramel and some peanuts
Mmm, soft, sweet and very very chewy
It is like eating a candy cloud!
Here I have another corn snack
This time they are partially pop popcorn
Very tasty!
It is salty and crunchy with garlicy seasoning flavor
One of my favorite snacks for today!
Wow, this is very refreshing
The apple flavor pairs off very well with the tea
A delicious drink for hot weather, I will definitely buy it again
You get crispy thin slices of bananas
Amazing! This taste even better than real bananas!
Comes with a natural sweetness to it, I love it!
