Before anything else, today's video is sponsored by Notion
Are you tired of having to open notebook and
 having to write everything down one by one?
Having trouble following your weekly schedule 'cause you're
 too lazy to write everything down on a piece of paper?
Well don't worry, because Notion's got your back
Notion is a application that allows you to organize literally
 your whole life with its amazing features
You can schedule you whole month with using a calendar
 where you just have to type everything that you have to do
You can also set a deadline for that specific task
You can take down notes, list down tasks, set your goals for the week/month
Do journaling, do your manifestations, and so much more
And for working students like me, it's really helpful
 'cause it helps me organize my time very well
And Notion guides me with my whole itinerary for the day
 so I make sure I don't miss out on anything
This app is also very customizable
You can tailor tools, design your whole interface, 
and you can basically put pictures and emojis
 that you wanna post in your workspace
This is also the best app if you are a creative person
 and if you like organizing stuff
because you basically get to design your whole interface
So right now I''m thinking of doing a little workspace tour,
 just so you know how my workspace looks like
Tbh, I don't think my workspace is at its best potential as of now
But I can gradually change and improve stuff that I want
But so far, the main thing that I use here is my workspace
It says here, Kenzo's workspace
So I basically have my life space, my weekly agenda
Sponsorships and payments, YouTube video ideas
I mostly go on these pages
As you can see on my weekly agenda page,
 I have here my task list for the week
These tasks are recurring weekly tasks so it stays there
I also have here my calendar. It basically just sets everything
I just type in all the things that I have to do that day
As you can see, I stay updated with everything I have to do
And this way, I don't really miss out on anything
And tbh, I really don't like writing that much
'Cause before, I would only write on my planner, like a notebook type of planner
And I keep forgetting stuff that I have to do for that week or that day
So I don't really find that helpful for me
And so I stopped using planners like a long time ago
And just recently, I found this app and it's really convenient for me 
Especially since I can use it on both my laptop and phone
So I could also use this app whenever I'm outside and
 I don't have to bring my laptop all the time
You also have your 2021 goals as you can see, my yearly goals
So again, thank you so much Notion for sponsoring this video
You guys have been a really big help to me
Thank you
Hey baby girl
Hey love
How was your sleep, baby?
Did you sleep good?
It's so hot!
Today is gonna be a very busy day
I actually have a lot of things to do today
As I mentioned in my past video, 
I started working at a cookie shop in Harajuku
And I can't be more grateful 'cause it's like..
I love it. I love my job
Out of all the part-time jobs that I've done in Japan,
That's literally like the best job, I guess
I don't wanna say too much but
I can literally just be myself in that workplace
And I can also speak English and Filipino in the workplace
And also Japanese of course
And for the firsts time ever, I don't dread going to work when it's work day
And I'm also going to visit my friend, Mayowa
So I'm taking you with me today
Recently, I've been into drinking apple cider water mixture every morning
And that really helped me with my digestion
Comment down below if you love this morning hair or you hate it
Do you love it? Do you hate it?
I kinda like it
Ew wtf
Anyways, let me make myself some apple cider, water, morning routine
Yo, this is my vitamin. Like this helps me stay...
Pooping
So now that I've drunk that, 
I have to wait 30 minutes before my first meal of the day
But for the meantime, I'm just gonna make my breakfast
Wtf I'm confused
I wanted to sneeze, but I also wanted to burp
Why is it so confusing to be a human like?
It's so fucking confusing to be a human
Idk why, but I just woke up without my jacket on
I really don't remember if I took it off like in my sleep
But I don't remember anything
Oh here we go
beat it up bestie oh yeah
(kewpie mayonnaise)
I woke up this morning with my allergies acting up so
If this doesn't stop, I might have to drink antihistamine
Why do I have to live in this earth with fucking allergies?
It's unfair
I also got a package from a fan
By the way, this is like my fist package from a fan, an actual fan
By the way, before we proceed to that, lets say hello to my plant Burgir
Yeah he's thriving. He's growing new leaves every week.
If that doesn't make me the best plant dad, idk what
Thank you so much Ivan Rico!
Btw, Rico, he just really wanted to send me a gift
I didn't know how was that gonna happen so he was like
 "Why don't you make an Amazon Wishlist?"
And I was like "What the heck is that?"
And he said just make one, and then I made one
And I put a bunch of stuff that I don't really need to buy or I can't buy
So if you wanna buy me some gifts, I mean..
Yooo look at thisssuh
He said "Hi Kenzo, enjoy this early birthday gift. - Ivan"
Right 'cause my birthday is coming up
Btw my birthday is at September 9
Yeah, you weren't asking but I just told you anyways
I can't even buy this, like I'm not that rich but
Why? Why me? Thanks so much!
I really appreciate it. I'm definitely gonna use this with my recordings
Not for OnlyFans but for music, of course
Are you gaslighting me?
Did you just gaslight me??
Are you telling me what to do?
Don't tell me what to do
Omg I'm a gamer now
I'm a whole gamer now
I'm already done doing my morning routine and
 let me just take a shower real quick
I wish I could just like
But no, it just stays there
I'm so tired
I don't have abs, but it's fine
I mean, abs is not the best thing in the world
You know what's the best thing in the world?
Being happy 🤠
And when I eat, I'm happy
Yes I don't get abs but I'm happy
Would you rather be sad and have abs or
 be happy and eat a lot of food and don't have abs?
I go with happy and eating a lot of food
You know, life is short. You gotta eat what you gotta eat
So go get that bread
Why do I blend in with this drink?
So I've done everything I have to do
And I'm all ready, so let's go
Hi, so I'm already at my workplace
and I'm just gonna change into my outfit
Oh what's this?
Oh we got a box here
We got here some
Look at dat
I need to go to work right now and I'll see you later
How y'all doing?
Mayowa here
Nice to meet you (よろしくね - yoroshikune)
And Katie over there, she doesn't wanna show her face
So we're playing with not really strangers
It's like a game to help you get to know each other
And like, get acquainted
We're gonna be spilling the tea
Break the ice
Oooh that's a lot
"How high maintenance is my setup?" For camping?
Yeah
A bag
A bag??
Hey guys!
Right now we're just
So we just stopped at 7-11 to go pee
We are going to go to the ocean
Over there is the sea
Can you see the sea?
Omg my happy place!
Hey guys, so we just bought our 'after dinner' lunch
Omg what time is it?
2:17AM
And we're gonna wait for the sunrise
And then we're gonna swim in the beach
ooo issa mood but
I just bought my beach slippers too
I shouldn't be buying stuff like this
Hi guys! So I just have to end the vlog right here
This video has been recording for literally the whole day
And I'm also getting tired and I just wanna relax
Thank you so much guys for hanging out with me today
I enjoy showing you a moment of my life or a day of my life
And also I'm just doing it because, so I could document a day in my life
and not forget the nice stuff that I did while I'm living
Today's Yamasushi shoutout goes to
I love you and thanks for supporting me
And you stay safe
Stream my new song and I'll see you next Friday
I love you
