If you're the type of person who enjoys nature 
then this country and city is for you. I'm going  
to discuss and share with you why I think 
it's good to live here in Tallinn, Estonia.  
Hey everyone, how's it going this is RJ and 
welcome again to my channel. This month marks  
my third anniversary living here in Tallinn, 
Estonia. And I'm so grateful and privileged to  
be able to finish my bachelor's program here and 
continue living in this country. Because of that  
I'm going to give you guys more insights and 
information on the living situation and current  
status here in Tallinn, Estonia. For those people 
who are new to my channel, welcome. I also try to  
give you guys a glimpse of my travel experiences 
here in Europe, so if you want to get updated of  
my travel experiences click the notification and 
subscribe to my channel. To start things off,  
I'm going to discuss and share with you why I 
think it's good to live here in Tallinn, Estonia.
I have lived here in Tallinn, Estonia for three 
years now and I think the first reason why I  
considered it's good to live here is because 
of the free transportation.Yup, you heard me  
right. The transportation here for residents 
and citizens is for free. For trolley, bus and  
tram but if you're planning to go and visit a 
different county or different city, let's say  
Narva, Parnu, Tartu or any other county 
outside Tallinn, it's going to cost you some  
Euros. It's actually a good way for the city of 
Tallinn to provide that kind of incentive to the  
citizens and residents because it cuts down 
the living expenses. The transportation cost  
here in Europe would range about one to two 
euros, or more in other cities. So in that way,  
it will going to lessen the living expenses 
of a person living in that in Estonia.
Number two, having a hyper digital system. 
Dubbed as the Silicon Valley of Europe,  
Estonia has capitalized and utilized technology 
to their advantage. Most of the transactions here  
are done using credit card and debit card. And 
people can also use their smartphone to vote  
during the national election. At the same time, 
if you're going to sign confidential documents,  
you just need to use your Smart-ID (app) without 
the hassle of physically signing the document.  
It will going to allow the person to make a 
transaction or sign the document seamlessly  
and being accepted in, let's say banks, schools 
or any companies where they're going to need  
your signature to it. Living in a hyper digital 
world, I think in Estonia, technology is maximized  
and utilized in an everyday setting. I'm just so 
amazed of how the country is able to execute and  
provide that kind of system to the citizens and 
be able to implement it all throughout the country
So if you're the type of person who enjoys nature, 
then this country and city is for you. Personally,  
I enjoy going to the beaches but ever since that 
I've lived here, I found myself appreciating and  
accepting the beauty of nature. There are so 
many places that you could visit and explore  
here in Tallinn, the possibility is limitless 
when it comes to the nature here in Estonia
The cost of living here in Tallinn, Estonia is 
relatively cheaper compared to the other bigger  
cities and capitals here in Europe. And that's 
one of the deciding factor why I've decided to  
go here and live in Tallinn, Estonia. Based on my 
travel experiences before, I'm able to compare the  
cost of living and the expenses in a particular 
city here in Europe. When it comes to the budget  
and the living expenses that I personally have 
here, I'm going to make a separate video for  
that. If you want to move to Europe and you 
haven't decided which country and city to go,  
maybe you want to consider Tallinn and Estonia 
as your country and city of destination.
And lastly, it is safe to say that it's safe 
to live here in Tallinn, Estonia. Personally,  
I haven't had any untoward incident that happened 
to me and I can only speak for myself based on my  
experience. Living here is relatively safe and 
I also had an experience before where I lost my  
wallet and it was returned back to me. Although 
the money is already gone, the fact that it was  
returned back to me is something that will not 
going to happen in other bigger cities or even  
countries. If you're just going to imagine it, 
it's going to be very impossible for a person to  
get their wallet back if they lost it. But in 
Estonia, I was able to experience that. There  
hasn't been any situation or circumstances where 
I felt that it's unsafe to walk around during the  
night time. Because of that, I'm confident to say 
that it's safer here to live in Tallinn, Estonia  
as compared to other countries and cities here in 
Europe. Those are my five reasons why I think it's  
good to live here in Tallinn, Estonia. I really 
enjoy making this video and sharing my insights  
to all of you. If you enjoy watching this video, 
don't forget to subscribe and please click the  
notification bell icon so you won't miss any of 
my future videos and contents. I would like to  
hear from you and if you want me to discuss any 
information about Estonia that you're interested,  
put those comments down below. If you want 
to get updated of my latest whereabouts,  
you can also follow me on my Instagram 
account. And I guess this is going  
to be it for me for today and I'll be 
seeing you in my next video and travel.
