We gonna cruise around the island. It's gonna be 
a good day. We are really surprised. There was a  
gentleman telling us that we're not allowed to fly 
the drone. Getting here was quite an adventure.
Hey champs! What's happening? Welcome to another 
episode of Tag Along With Chai". in this episode  
we're taking you from Cebu island in the 
Philippines to Bohol. We are taking the ferry.  
It's gonna be about an hour and a half or two-hour 
ferry ride to the other side. We've rented two  
motorbikes here. We're gonna check out the island. 
There's a lot to see it's going to be a busy day.  
It's 7:00 am. About an hour and a half and this 
boat is departing. It's gonna be a good day the  
sun is out. Sunscreen on. And as usual, we're not 
doing this alone! We're doing this with: ILONA!
All right we will have a look on the 
top deck as well. Look at this. A  
little bar. Hello, how are you? Are 
you okay? Thank you for having us.
Business class.
This boat has three classes: Economy class, 
business class, and a class in between. The first  
two classes are air conditioning and inside. Then 
you've got economy class behind us. It's outside  
but, you're in the shade. The breeze is there. 
It's actually also really comfortable to just be  
up here. Ilona and I brought another 
friend with us. He's actually guiding  
us around the island today. He doesn't 
really want to talk to the camera but  
he's part of this journey. And he wants 
to take a business class. So that's why  
we're enjoying business class for today. There's 
friendly staff welcoming us on board. Also behind  
the bar. There's a little bar that's serving hot 
drinks. The tickets were 1700 pesos. This was for  
two people and a motorbike. We gonna cruise 
around the island. It's gonna be a good day.
In the background, we have Cebu on the left 
side and Mactan on the other side. And they're  
thinking even of making another bridge going all 
the way to Bohol so you don't really have to catch  
this ferry anymore. That would be a big change 
for Bohol if they actually gonna accomplish this.
Welcome to the Chocolate hills. We are about 40 
minutes away from the ferry. We're going to get  
some cool shots here. We show you around a little 
bit and then we are heading to our destination  
where we're going to sleep tonight. Ilona got 
us a little bit of coconut juice. It's ery  
tasty. It's always fresh. You can basically 
get it everywhere. I'm not too sure if this  
is all year around? Maybe you can tell us in the 
comments? My mate is shooting us some footage from  
the beautiful hills. From up there. I'm actually 
getting us a drone when we get back to Thailand.
But now we're gonna have to do it 
with our mates. And let's do a selfie?
There was a gentleman telling us that 
we're not allowed to fly the drone.  
So we pack up the drone and we're gonna walk 
the stairs. We'll have a look from up there.
Champs I'm gonna have to say so far 
the Philippines has been amazing to us.  
The people as well. Pretty 
much everyone speaking English.  
The food that we have been tasting is phenomenal. 
Something that we haven't seen anywhere else yet.  
We are really surprised. The Mexican 
cuisine, the french cuisine, Italian...  
It's all famous. Indian, the Thai cuisine. I 
never really heard of Filipino cuisine. But  
hopefully that's going to change. We're nearly 
there. There are a few foreign tourists. But  
mainly there are local tourists. That makes 
this place I guess a little bit more special.
There we are champs!
My  
first impression of the island the roads are well 
maintained. There are a few put holes here and  
there. And there are some road maintenance. 
But it's actually really accessible to get  
here. Why do is it called Chocolate Hills? 
Because they're brownish chocolate during  
dry season. Yes? Yeah! Hey, but I heard also 
their names after... That are chocolate hills  
because of the "Hershey Kisses". The Hershey 
Kisses. Yeah. That's kind of the unofficial  
one. But the name started... It started because 
of the dry season. Well, I think. That's what  
they say. That's what they say. That's what we 
read. Let's go now to Casa Nino Beach Hotel,  
Dos. Number 2. Numero dos at Panglao 
Beach. Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!  
We just arrived at Panglao. We're staying at 
Casa Nino 2. It's a hotel. We treated ourselves  
a little bit. It's got a swimming pool. The rooms 
are quite basic but it's just a nice little area  
as well where we are. Panglao is one of the 
most visited areas here on the island. So it's  
a little bit more expensive here as well. We're 
paying about 1700 pesos per night for this room.  
Getting here was quite an adventure. It started 
raining at some stage as well. We had to hide for  
the rain. For several hours straight at rained and 
then we decided to just carry on driving. Now we  
are here. It stopped raining. The beach is not far 
away but we probably gonna give that a quick visit  
tomorrow. There are a lot of beautiful beaches. 
Apparently the nightlife is really good on this  
island as well. Beautiful nature and amazing 
people. The weather was letting us down a little  
bit today because of the rain. It's already 
hurricane season. The start of the hurricane  
season. There will be a bit more rainfall. A lot 
of strong winds. You can see the consequences of  
these hurricanes throughout the island. Probably 
throughout the country as well. We haven't visited  
a lot of places yet. We're carrying on traveling, 
and exploring the Philippines. But also meeting  
interesting people. We're gonna do some street 
interviews to see what people like about the  
Philippines. We're gonna talk to a lot of locals 
but also to a lot of foreigners to see what they  
think of the Philippines. Thank you for watching 
to the very end. If you want to join this journey.  
We are based in the north of Thailand but, we're 
actually traveling through Southeast Asia and now  
we are in the Philippines for several weeks. So 
hop on board be part of this journey. I would  
like to say from the Philippines at Panglao island 
connected to Bohol Island; bye for now stay champ!
