What's up guys? Today, we're gonna show you how to level up your ordinary can of corned beef - Filipino style!
Canned meats, like corned beef, are staple and Filipino households and are talagang tasty, if you know how to cook them!
To make our version of Filipino corned beef, you're first going to need to heat up one peeled and cubed red potato, and
one sliced roma tomato.
Go ahead and pour enough water into your bowl of potatoes until they're fully submerged. And
then microwave them for about two minutes or so.
Afterwards just strain the water and set your potatoes aside. The goal is to cook them so that they're soft but still firm.
Next take your sliced tomatoes and microwave them for around two minutes also.
When they're done, they should look pretty wilted.
We recommend checking in on your tomatoes at a minute to a minute and a half, just in case they wilt sooner. At
this point just open your can of corned beef and you're ready to start cooking! In
a new pan, pour in two to three tablespoons of oil and
set your stove on medium heat.
Next drop in one small sliced onion and
saute it until it becomes soft and translucent.
Then add in three cloves of minced garlic and
saute the garlic until it starts to sweat and smell fragrant.
Afterwards add in your Roma tomatoes and
continue cooking everything for two to three minutes.
Now just add in your can of corn beef and
cook it until the solid chunks of meat are heated and broken down.
You can use any kind of canned corned beef, but we personally like the chunky kind.
Finally throw in your cubed potatoes and keep cooking everything for another two minutes or so. And then
Mmm mmm mmm!
Filipino corned beef is usually eaten for breakfast, but if you're like us, you can eat it whenever the craving strikes!
You can either make a breakfast sandwich out of it with a fried egg and pandesal.
Or pair it with some white rice and another fried egg.
Pro tip: make sure that your egg has nice crispy edges and a runny yolk.
You can also squirt some ketchup on top or better yet some hot sauce!
Let us know what you like to add in your Filipino corned beef!
It's talagang tasty!
