What up, guys.
I'm Kristin from Be My Travel Muse, and today
I wanna talk to you about something very,
very important.
So, last week I came out with a video about
how I went to the Philippines for the first
time in 2013.
I didn't really connect with it, and so I
went back and I ended up really loving it,
and thinking that it was actually super awesome.
And that all came down to the locals being
really wonderful towards me.
The people had, of course, a lot of feelings
about the video.
Everything from people telling me that maybe
I should just be dead, to people being like,
"I love you.
Come back any time."
So, I think it's a clear difference between
those who actually watched the video and those
who did not.
But one thing I kind of didn't see coming
is how many people said, "Oh, the problem
is you went there alone.
You shouldn't go there alone."
That I was too lonely, or I should have hired
a tour guide to show me around, or I should
find a man.
Thank you so much.
God, if I could just find a man, that would
just solve all of life's problems.
It would be like Disney.
We could live happily ever after.
We could have, like, 10 kids, and God, I would
just never have a bad time anywhere again,
because I would have a man with me.
Yeah, no.
It had nothing to do with me being alone,
or not being alone, in the Philippines because
the truth is I wasn't alone.
For those who watched the video, you might
remember that I said I was traveling with
someone when I first went to the Philippines
in 2013, who I really didn't connect with.
And the truth is, whether you're traveling
with someone or by yourself, if the person
you're traveling with is not someone who you
really get along with and are having a good
time with, then traveling will be the loneliest
feeling in the world.
Nothing you do is gonna be fun, and seriously,
when you're traveling, all of your best and
your worst qualities come out.
But if you're by yourself, then there's no
one around to fight with.
There's no one around to disagree with, and
I personally love the freedom of traveling
solo, and I think it's super-empowering.
I think everyone should do it once in their
lives.
And, I have a huge problem with people telling
women that they need a man, that they shouldn't
go places alone, that it's not safe.
Or, I especially liked the comment where the
guy said because I'm a Western woman I didn't
like the Philippines.
None of this is true.
It is all absolute bullshit.
I went to the Philippines alone the second
time, which was just a few weeks ago, actually.
And, in Siargao, there was one moment where
I was kind of crying and I thought, "Okay.
Let me take the camera out and talk to you
guys about how it is sometimes difficult traveling
solo, because I don't want to paint a totally
rosy picture.
So you can click here to open that window
and watch it after this video if you want.
But as you'll see, everything totally worked
out in the end, and the reason why, I think,
is because I was alone.
So I find when I'm by myself, local people
come up to me way more often, because they're
just really curious about what's going on.
"Why are you alone?"
And I don't mind these questions at all.
I understand that there's a lot of curiosity
around a woman traveling on her own.
People want to know, "Where is your boyfriend?
Where is your husband?"
And, most of the time I just say, "I'm on
my own."
Hey, I do what I want.
But I thought maybe you should have the advice
of a local, as well.
So, here's Ferna, talking about traveling
alone, as a woman in her late 30s in the Philippines.
Ferna: Hi, everyone.
My name is Ferna.
I am a solo traveler from the Philippines.
So, is it really safe to travel solo in the
Philippines?
I could say yes, it is really safe to travel
solo in the Philippines.
Although I am a local in this country, but
I've been to more than 30 provinces out of
81 provinces.
So I've been doing that for 20 years, now,
on and off, traveling solo in my country.
So, why do I say it's safe?
Actually, Philippines is really...it's true
we are really friendly.
We're actually generous at the same time,
and we're also hospitable.
I travel solo, but I don't feel like I'm traveling
solo.
I travel solo but I also don't feel like I'm
in a dangerous place.
I travel solo, but then I don't feel that
I don't have friends.
I travel solo and I don't feel that I am lonely,
traveling solo in the Philippines.
People are really...with their open arms...they
would really give you, like, "What do you
need?
We can help you out."
They're really very helpful.
It's not only in a tourist area.
Also in a very remote area, especially in
a very remote area.
In the Philippines, I travel solo, but I also
cannot deny the fact that I'm also receiving
the same exact concerns and questions, whenever
I set foot in a new island, or a new place,
or a new province.
I'm always bombarded with questions.
The common question when you are traveling
solo.
And it's really annoying.
Sometimes it's really annoying.
"Why are you traveling alone?
It's actually not safe to travel alone.
Traveling alone is dangerous."
I have to give you an idea that people in
the Philippines are really going to question
you on that, when you travel from one place
to the other, and it's really common for us
to question.
Because living...traveling solo for a longer
time, or even traveling solo even for just
a day, is really an unconventional life for
a traveler like us.
Not that they're judging you, but it's one
of the things that they're very, very curious,
"Why are you traveling alone?"
Because it's not common in our country.
If you will be asked, "Why are you traveling
solo?
Why are you traveling alone?"
I hope that...you have to think that it's
not...they're not judging you.
And, at the same time, you have to let them
know, also, to give them an awareness what
traveling solo can benefit.
Of the 20 years that I've been traveling solo
on and off, is actually more of good and positive
experience that I've done in the Philippines.
I hope that by my words, by my unique experience,
you would be able to feel that you can actually
make it happen, to travel alone in the Philippines.
Kristin: So, to review, it is awesome traveling
alone.
It is awesome traveling alone in the Philippines.
For me, it meant meeting a bunch of awesome
people who maybe wouldn't have felt as motivated
to reach out to me if I was with others.
I will never forget going to fill up my gas,
and this granny in the Philippines going,
"Are you by yourself?"
And I told her, "Yes, I am."
And she goes, "Good.
Good.
More free."
And I just thought that was amazing.
So for those of you who are maybe afraid to
travel alone, or have this idea that women
shouldn't travel alone, I just want you to
know that yes, you can.
Yes, we can.
For everyone out there who's considering doing
it, I hope that you have a bit more encouragement
to make it happen.
I have written a book on the topic, actually.
I've been traveling alone for over five and
a half years now, on every continent except
for Antarctica, and I am still alive and well.
So all of my tips are in the book.
It's linked in the show notes below.
And I hope that you will subscribe and hang
around, and see some more videos about traveling
alone, not just in the Philippines, not just
in Southeast Asia, but all over the world.
It is possible.
I want to encourage you to do it.
And I hope that this helped to change your
mind.
Let me know in the comments below.
Bye, guys.
