Good morning, travelers! Again...it is 5 AM :)
Our wonderful breakfast here...
The only thing we have got is bread!
Bread and coffee...mmmm
And again we are on a tour :)
The time is around 5:30 AM
The driver should have been here at 5:30AM :))) 
but...
at 5 AM he decided to come here stay for a little while and disappear :)
Now we are waiting someone from somewhere to come and pick us up so we can go to our tour
We hope noone to pick us up so they can give us a refund :) (joking)
Well...most likely someone will come
THE PHILIPPINES
DAY 12
Safari Park & Black Island
How do you feel? Are you tired?
Travelers...2 weeks I am waiting at 4:30 AM to go to different trips!
Hello travelers 
We have stopped in the middle of the road to have our breakfast...
...which by the way is very bad!
Some eggs...with some pink thing at the top?
Sticky rice which is very sweet?!?!
Pickles which are again in pink colour
The sausages are looking like this...
They look OK but we won't risk it to be honest as we don't even know if there is real meat inside
We gave it to a dog and he didn't want it!
Unfortunately, the breakfast is not that good
We are ready with a lot of positive emotions for the animals so let's see
I hope these emotions to reduce our hunger 
We haven't eaten from 5 AM and to be honest we are very hungry
By the way we are in the beach right now but this is actually the breakfast spot for this tour
So the whole safari tour is split by this breakfast spot. 
We will go on a boat and then cross this small beach to visit the Safari...then come back and then go to the other side and go to to the Black Island
Leave a comment if he looks like DALAI LAMA?
We are on the other side of the beach where the animals are
The interesting bit is that the animals here are born here, which is awesome!
However, their parents are now dead but they came from Kanya
The little intro we had from a few moments ago was the difference between the male and female zebras and giraffes 
So you can see the difference based on different patterns but due to the fact that the guy didn't speak very well English we understood may be half of the things he said.
This is our wonderful jeep ladies and gents 
Unique tires with unique rims
Air-conditioning ... from the front ... at the back..
...on the top :)
Calant Island National Park
We are here with my best friend 
What's up bro?
The first touch with the giraffes was successful!
It is super cool because you are very close and can touch them because they are very friendly...definitely recommend to you guys to come here!
The experience you got from this place is 100% unique! You basically feel that they are like your pet :)
This is the little gangster :)
They said that this little zebra is 4 months old... can you believe it?
Travelers, we are in the middle of the heart of the Safari
Here are all zebras and all around us are these small deers
... and giraffes in the distance
WAIT...there are snakes...
We are not going a little further to see other animals but predominantly there are zebras, giraffes and small deers 
...And pythons :))
 Thise pythons, who are the only one here, eat live chickens !
They are not under the water because of two reasons.
The first one is after each lunch they need to be hydrated and digested 
And the second one is that they change their skin in the water
Our tour told us that they are now in the phase of changing their skin
We will name them Dancho and Mitko :)
But MItko took the biscuit 
Chris:  Hey Dancho!
Zoro and I :)
This was the Safari Tour ladies and gents
The lady in the previous pictures has been married here and live here the island! She came here when the majority of the animals were born
She also said that these were my kids
She lives here since 1976
Respect to her and her family, who stayed here for that long!
The feeling that we got from this was incredible! So definitely is something you need to visit!
We are back in the lunch spot from where we will take this boat and going to the Black Island
Actually I don't know if it is the first or the second one...
And we are again the last one :)
We are on the board and going to the Black Island, we are literally at the top of the deck:)
10 persons from the Philippines 
4 from England
and 4 from Bulgaria :) 
Let me show you the Black Island...
This is Black Island! 
 It is super awesome! There is a cave and super clean and relaxing beach...
...and a big ship under the water
In fact, this island sum up all things that you can see in CORON ULTIMATE TOUR from yesterday's vlog!
I highly recommend you to come and visit this island and skip Coron Ultimate Tour
For me, this becomes THE BEST ISLAND IN the Philippines
Let me show you the whole beauty of it...
