So this is more refreshing this more creamy
Hey guys as you know I love night markets. Actually, I love day markets as well basically any markets with food
I'm happy but right now
I'm at the Central Market ninth market here in Manila
And this is a pretty modern happening place lot of young people and of course a lot of delicious food
But the food seems to be a mix of traditional Filipino food as well as some international affairs
So we're gonna do that Andrew Zimmerman thing. You know that "If it looks good, you eat it" thing
First thing that caught my eye are these crazy skewers, and I think this is a really popular
Filipino dish call Isaw which is a chicken intestine
Everything here is just freshly grilled on sight. man, It smells intense the first food of the night
I got a pack of garlic chilli and vinegar god bless this country with all its love of vinegar. So this is the pork intestine
Oh
This is amazing. It's got a little stink and usually the stink
It is pretty big, but here I get a little hit of that with the aftertaste
but otherwise this is just some fatty delicious porky innards. got a little char and crunch on the off side - every bite, just
infused with that wonderful smoke this might be the best way
I've ever eaten pork innards, but typically I eat this fried. this is way better. this beautiful thing. That's all chicken intestine
Wow
This thing is definitely really organy now organ a flavor is coming from within the intestines right now
I like the outside just like the pork intestines super smoky nice and charred
But once you penetrate that chewy exterior it tastes very livery. This is good
I really really recommend you guys come in to try this
But I'm not loving it as much as I love the pork intestine
Which is just delicious
If you guys never had innards before you really should because you know what people say, deliciousness, I mean I mean beauty
That's that's on the inside
and
The last thing, check this out see how like that this skewer is like bending
This is a hefty amount of pork years here, my friend
That crunch that crunch is my favorite part of a pig ear. This has been
Fantastic start to my night market experience tonight. This is a just
Delightfully crunchy, fatty, charred piece of pork meat
It is insane. the marinades a little sweet. Oh I
Just cant get over that crunch. all right this is the piece I've been going after here look at this. This is all fat
oh-ho-oh
That is solid too. look at this baby. look at that big chunk of.. oh my god
Oh my god. That's all fat. luckily that has a nice. Char, otherwise that might be even too much fat for me I got
Love this sauce though
That is delicous. I'd dip anything in this sauce. after all that pork and chicken. I need a drink
This is some pretty typical Filipino drinks here, so this thing's got a little white pearls on the bottom
This drink is awesome. There's some Jelly in here as well those little pearls are like sago. Oh, it has a
Slight hint of herby flavor very subtle though, but this thing is so refreshingly delicious especially after all that really salty chicken and pork
ah so good
This is a another drink a buko pandan obviously it pandan flavor with green jellies in here
that is nice and creamy I like this jellies butter here when the other drink is really refreshing perfect on a hot night
All right, it's got some awesome stuff. Let's go. these little orange things. These are called kway kway or quail eggs
They're deep-fried whole quail egg on the inside and people usually just eat it as this
Perfect little quail egg on here
But I do feel like just eating it as is a little dry especially with a yolk so they gave me this spicy dipping sauce
I don't know if it's for this or not, but we'll see.
I think is way better with a sauce. I mean this is really oily, otherwise the batter combined with egg
yolk
There's really no moisture here besides the oil so it's gonna be a little rough on you and the spice from the sauce really helps
Us out a lot next I'll check out this delicious treasure. It's chicken chicharon and it's chicken intestine look at it
It's kind of got like a almost a fungus looking shape and these things
these things are supposed to be intense because they're they're fried they're very organy you'll definitely feel this going down I
That is good though
The outside there's a crispy layer of chicken skin the inside is a bit organy
But I think it's got a nice flavor to it. Let me try it in the spicy sauce
Love how crispy the outside is, this is actually really amazing. I mean I could get this whole box easily by myself
oh man
So
So crunchy and good next time im  watching a movie
I want this because this is Better than any popcorn you're gonna get. cant stop eating this. I wish KFC sold this
These are spring rolls with a whole chili look at this skin nice and crispy gonna take a bite as is
There's cheese inside the peppers
Cuz these chilies are so fresh it tastes so good. They're not spicy
It's just a really refreshing peppery taste to them. you need this, you do
Tomorrow, I'm going to Cebu for chicharon, but since they have it here
This will be my first bite a chicharrón in the Philippines. I'm gonna try. I want to see how good
This is compared to you know, the lechon capital of the philippines
lechon is actually stuffed with a lot of things typically there's a lot of herbs in here
And this one looks like it's got some chili as well, the skin
I heard legend has it that is just so incredibly crispy my first order of Lechon in the Philippines
I do want to wait on him in Cebu. I want to get the best as my first bite, but man
I can't resist look at that skin by the way this thing is paper-thin with just a tiny layer of fat
And I could tell right now the outer skin. That's a crisp. It's a little drop of fat and off for dear life
And you couldn't tell, that was a crispy skin. buy I think like this particular lechon,
It's been sitting out a little bit
The skin is crispy but also a little tough to chew I do really enjoy the flavor of that dip before any sauce I could
Taste the spiciness of it and it seasoned really really well
Yeah, I'm gonna take a piece of the  the insides. That's kind of like touching all the herbs and everything else
That's stuffed inside the pig oh
That's nice
If I get to Cebu and the lechon tastes better than I'm gonna just pass out from
deliciousness which it might be the first time that's ever happened like in the world on this piece a nice little greens on there the
Sauce a little sweet. I wish it was more sour and spicy
That's already the best roast pig I've ever had. so I can't wait till this weekend. This is a pretty typical breakfast
This is Tinapa which is salted fish and longanisa which is a sausage and of course a nice
Semi, runny egg. It's semi runny because
Was tired he's got a rest. It's onions tofu. Fried garlic all over a bit of rice
It needs the rice, most elements of this is really salty
but I love the crackling pork skin thats in there. this fish is wearing four Kevlar apparently because
I'm not able to penetrate it oh
My god. Oh seriously. Oh good lord. Oh, I can't even
You know what I'm gonna. Take a bite out of this
Good lord this fish is tasty, it's got a beautiful. Just beautiful smoky flavor to it. the meat although. It's a little dry
It's just packed with flavor. I'm just gonna get a nice piece of the egg with some crackling pork skin, and tofu
That's nice and creamy, but the fish is definitely the star here this is ridiculous. Love this fish
This is another breakfast item. its massive. It is burnin hot right now
This is breakfast per check it out fried garlic scallions. I think this is again
Crispy pork skin got a poached egg in here
This is ridiculous now you guys know I'm not a lover of salty congee
But I would get a gallon of this the congee is solve a season so remarkably well. It's really peppery
Spicy incredibly garlicky and gingery. This is so insanely good. I
Can't believe how good this is you got the crackling pork skin
Nice burst of fat, it's not a poached eggs actually a hard-boiled egg
guys no joke this congee is ridiculous
A little tripe oh man, this is a food version of utopia right here
There's some kind of oil on the top that just got scattered everywhere
Wow and then keep the heat at such a high temperature which I think makes this even better
I love the addition of the fat and meat slices here
This is everythingy!
spicy tasty salty crunchy
Fatty, oily, everythingy!
Oh
Imma full
That congee was...
That congee took a lot out of, it put a lot of stuff in me
But it took a lot out of me my last item. there's been so many rice items here
This is tapa, its beef. a little item that's eaten for breakfast or lunch or dinner
It's very flexible. probably the prettiest little egg I had tonight
i love the rice, beef a little too sweet for me. oh that rice though
I've just been eating way too much rice tonight. luckily I'm Asian, so a lot of this rice is just gonna dissipate
There's something I need right now I
had to get another one of these drinks
I got this too
This is melon juice. guys this night market, foods good, drinks good, The congee's good. The rice Good., Everything's good.
Originally i was planning on going to this night market and then going to another one by Binondo
But my local friends told me that this place actually has all the food
That's over there except for here is not as cheap
but this time our gift is brightly lit the people are friendly, is one of the cleanest night markets I've ever been to so yeah I
Think I'm gonna hang around here
Seriously come and get these two drinks. all right,
I ate a lot of food here, but there's still one more food. Item that that's really it's not here in the night market
But it is nearby so we're gonna go eat that right now. this place, Sarsa,  a lot of you guys recommend this to me
It's about half a block away from the night market, and I'm here for some blood!
*ding!*
Here it is, diniguan. first of all It's pretty colorful, and I'm a little terrified right now
There's a roasted pepper
Tomatoes, looks like bay leaves, fried garlic fried chicken intestine scallions and bits of pork all like soaked
this blood that if I don't know I
Would think it's chocolate that's the color of the blood right now? I supposedly I gotta eat this with rice
I know I've had blood before but the reason I'm intimidated is because I've never had blood
that looked like quicksand so
It doesn't really smell like anything
I'll be a hundred percent honest with you guys
that is
surprisingly
Mind-boggling good. I really didn't think those gonna be good, but it's completely not nothing like I thought it was gonna taste
It's not very Irony
has actually got a nice earthy flavor a very citrusy and just
Really incredibly flavorful. and goes perfect with rice
And I just bit in to a bone. Wow
Did not think I was gonna like this
I feel like a freaking asian vampire right now only Asian vampires will eat blood over rice. right? only us
Dracula's like laughing at us right now
So I know this video started off as a night market, and that night market was indeed pretty awesome
But I had to try this restaurant because literally every one of you guys like you gotta go to this place
You gotta go to this place, and I had to try out this bloody dish literally this bloody dish, and you know what?
I'm glad I did.  but guys as always all the information is listed for you in my description box below and until we get again
Mmm.. Blood..
