 
Coming up!
Jonathan goes on a search for the elusive
Mimic octopus!
Welcome to Jonathan Bird’s Blue World!
In the previous season of Blue World, I traveled
to Dumaguete in the Philippines, for a week
diving with Atlantis Dive Resort, in a search
for an elusive octopus known as the Wunderpus.
The Wunderpus is a rare master of disguise
that lives in sandy habitats.
But there is another, even harder-to-find
octopus that lives in this same habitat: the
Mimic Octopus.
To find a Mimic, I’m off again to the Philippines.
But instead of Dumaguete, this time I’m
heading to the rich diversity around Puerto
Galera.
In the villiage of Sabang, nestled along the
beach are a bunch of dive resorts, and I’m
heading to my favorite, Atlantis.
The facility is a luxury dive resort catering
to discerning divers like me.
It’s nice.
And most importantly, it’s right on the
water.
As the crew readies our boat for the day,
the divers set up their gear.
I check my nitrox and then our divemaster
Felix gives us a dive briefing.
Well, I’ve been diving in a lot of places
in the Philippines but never Puerto Galera.
This will be my first dive here and I can’t
wait to see what we can find.
They pull the boats right up on the beach
for easy access.
Today I get to share a boat with my good friends
Howard and Michele Hall who are sporting their
new Blue World hats!
With our friend Ed Stetson, and Zach-of-all-trades
filming, we’re off.
After a short boat ride, our Captain Tito
helps us don our gear, and then…
One!
Two Three!
Go!
…we’re hunting for Mimics!
This sandy bottom might not look that exciting
but its full of life.
A school of Striped catfish are feeding in
the sand.
Nearby, a seahorse--doing its best to look
like algae.
It’s so easy to miss these little guys.
You have to look closely at everything you
see on the bottom.
I move over to a small patch of coral, to
film some beautiful crinoids, which are plankton-feeding
cousins of sea stars.
Then I find a nudibranch that looks like it
has a bunch of dreadlocks.
And on the dreadlocks are little patches of
algae called Zooxanthellae.
This nudibranch is literally called the Solar
Powered Nudibranch because it gets most of
its energy from the sun in a symbiotic relationship
with this algae.
So it’s literally a solar-powered animal.
I catch the shape of two eyes.
I look closer, thinking I found my elusive
mimic octopus, but it turns out to be a Blue-spotted
stingray hiding in the sand.
It’s amazing what you find when you’re
not looking for it.
I stumble across a tiny Wunderpus.
You can tell it’s a Wunderpus because of
its pencil-thin arms and orange-colored bands.
Meanwhile Howard is filming something intently,
so I head over to see what he has found.
Wouldn’t you know it, he found a Mimic octopus!
It’s easy to see how the Mimic is confused
with the Wunderpus.
They both like to create banded patterns on
their skin, and they are both small, living
in the same habitat.
But the Mimic has more webbing between its
arms and a browner coloration.
But what makes the Mimic so special, is not
how it looks, but how it acts.
The Mimic octopus gets its name because it
likes to take on various shapes that some
people think is mimicry.
For example, when the Mimic octopus travels
across the sand, it takes on the shape and
color of a flounder.
A flounder is a flat fish that blends into
the sea floor.
It swims like a magic carpet, just above the
sand.
Is the Mimic octopus trying to look like a
flounder, or just taking on a shape which
is universally effective for camouflage over
sand?
But not all of its behaviors are camouflage.
Sometimes the Mimic octopus dons stripes and
walks along with its arms sticking out like
the spines of a lionfish.
Is it trying to frighten away predators with
a Lionfish impersonation?
Because this is definitely not camouflage.
Sometimes the Mimic swims quickly by adopting
a torpedo shape.
But it also puts on a display of stripes,
making some biologists convinced that it’s
trying to look like a venomous sea snake.
The various shapes and patterns that the Mimic
octopus can adopt are very impressive.
And because they are not all camouflage, there
is evidence that the octopus is mimicking
other animals to deter predators.
The Mimic octopus eats mostly crabs and fish.
It hunts for food by investigating every hole
in the sand with probing arms.
The skinny little arms can fit way down into
even the smallest burrows.
Like most octopods, the Mimic can create an
ink cloud.
This dark cloud is meant to distract predators.
While a predator is attacking the dark and
obvious ink, the octopus goes all pale and
hard-to-see, while it squirts away to safety.
And when underwater cinematographers just
get too annoying, the octopus can bury itself
in the sand and hide.
After spending nearly an hour breathing from
my scuba tank, my ability to mimic a sea creature
has reached an end, and it’s time to head
back to the boat.
Puerto Galera is a scuba diver’s paradise,
with a wide variety of marine life for underwater
photographers and critter lovers.
The Mimic octopus and Wunderpus, are just
two of the exotic creatures to be seen here.
The reefs contain a variety of healthy coral
and marine animals.
I could spend a month diving Puerto Galera
and never get bored.
It’s no wonder Puerto Galera is so popular
with divers--there is so much to see in a
small area.
It’s one of the best places to see weird
and wonderful critters in the Blue World.
Hey everyone, if you love Blue World and would
like to keep this great content coming, please
consider making a donation to Oceanic Research
Group’s GoFundMe campaign!
We could really use your help, and every donation
makes a difference!
