Hi guys, welcome back to my channel!
Sorry, I look extra right now
because it's our anniversary and we're going for dinner
we're going to a dinner date.
Going with my handsome husband right there.
But today I'm also going to pick up some
Filipino bread that I ordered from my Filipino friend.
and I'm so excited because
I'll be able 
to taste Filipino bread again
I used to make them at home but I don't have the time now
because I have a new job
I went and check out my friend's friend and
she started her business
and I want to help her get exposed to a lot of Filipino friends I have also
So I will see you there 
when we get to her house.
I'm finally here in Dolly's house picking up 
my Filipino bread order
I'm so excited to taste them!
So anyway but before that,
-I want to introduce you to Dolly.
-Hello!
She is the owner and the maker of
DOLLYCIOUS GOODIES.
So I wanna ask you...(I will be speaking English for this, alright?)
(Sure, no problem)
When did you start making the bread?
And cakes, right?
Yeah
So it all started when I was in the Philippines, 
I started Pastry Arts before I came in the U.S.
It was 2015...
I decided to go to pastry school because
knowing that U.S. is mostly breads and everything so I want to
you know, have a little knowledge about baking and everything since
-he's (my husband) not really a rice person and I'm a rice person so
-He loves bread.
Sometimes.
So that's why I decided to go to pastry school and that's how I learned how to
-bake some breads and cakes, and they're just basic.
-This is also very helpful  
-because there's no Filipino bakery around here.
-Yep it's an advantage.
And a lot of Filipinos in Wisconsin miss eating Filipino bread.
We have a lot of bakeries in the Philippines.
Like...every barangay there is at least like five bakeries.
Small bakeries.
This is really wonderful because I always get my Ensaymada in Chicago.
In Chicago, in Seafood City and it's so far.
So I'm so excited that we have it right here in Wisconsin.
By Dolly.
So that what inspired you to bake bread.
Basically, it all started last year
when I started to think about turning it into a business.
It started with a cheesecake last year during Thanksgiving
My friend asked me like, "Could you bake me some cheesecake?"
and then she said, "I'm gonna pay you for it so you don't have to worry."
Okay, no problem.
So you know, I just tried and then she likes it.
And that's the time that I started trying to make it a business
and then most of the customers
mostly also Filipinos.
And then I also asked some of my co-workers before and they love it!
and that's how it started.
And then my friend suggested, "Why don't you try to make other Filipino food?"
And I kept saying like, "No, I don't have time because I have a small one."
'Til I thought that, "Why don't I make it a business?"
Until
I think all started in May when a lot of Filipinos wants to grab some
"Can you do this for me? etc"
It actually started with the Spanish Bread.
That's the very first one.
And then, later on...Ube Pandesal because it was popular.
And then the Muron
This is actually the latest one, the Ensaymada.
We actually have a new product, probably posting it next week.
So hopefully, watch out.
So tell us, where can we find if we want to order these goods?
You have a Facebook page, right?
Well, I have a personal Facebook, I just created a page for these goods.
But I have to invite friends to let them know I sell these goods.
"Dollycious Goodies" on Facebook
If you wanna order, just message me
I have a phone number in there, 
and I also do shipping
I can ship to at least 30-40 states, not including Hawaii and Alaska.
And you deliver in Wisconsin, right?
I deliver nearby
but like maybe beyond 40 miles, there's gonna be a delivery fee.
At least around $5 delivery fee, since it's not included in the price of the goods.
Wisconsin Dells area, Adams...all nearby areas, it's free delivery.
So all the products they include the Pandesal,  the Choco Murons
and then is there any other kind of Muron?
For now, it's only Chocolate Muron.
I'm trying to figure out how to make the Ube Muron, but for now, it's just Choco Muron.
And the pandesal, there is also another kind, right?
Yeah I have plain Pandesal, I also have the Ube Cheese Pandesal
which is very popular right now
This is my new product, the Ensaymada.
I have four different kinds of variety of 
Ensaymada.
This one is the Cheese Ensaymada,
and then I have also the classic 
Ensaymada which you can find in a local  
bakery in the Philippines, with like
just sugar on top of it.
and then just with some butter or margarine
and then I also have the Ensaymada with Ube filling
with cheese and then classic Ensaymada with Ube filling.
And then I have a Spanish Bread,
and I have the Hopia Monggo and Ube.
I'm gonna give some to my Filipino friends because she said that,
if she likes it, she's gonna order.
I'm going to put a link of her Facebook 
page in the description below so you can  
take a look at that.
And if you want to order, just go there,  message her
and she will tell you how much it is.
It's actually very affordable, that's why I get to take home have all this.
-Thank you so much.
-Yeah, no problem.
I hope you like it.
It's actually especially good for this kind of weather.
Go to her Facebook page and 
message her.
DOLLYCIOUS GOODIES
