Greetings my beautiful lovelies. Hello, it's Emmy. Welcome back! Today I'm going to be cooking...
Filipino-style spaghetti. So, I was inspired by my recent trip to Jollibee,
which is the beloved Filipino fast food chain, which includes things like Chicken Joy, which is their famous fried chicken,
spaghetti with hot dogs. I had an Aloha burger. I also tasted the most
amazing peach mango pie, and I had the most delicious noodle dish called, Fiesta Palabok, which was incredible!
I hope to make a dupe recipe of that as well, but today I'm going to be here to make this.
I have had this for a little while -- and this is Sweet Filipino Style Spaghetti Sauce.
This was about five dollars and on the back here it tells you how to make it.
So I didn't want to make this and taste this until I had an authentic version, so now that I've had Jollibee, I can make this,
so I can do a little bit of a comparison.
So, from my understanding, this dish is really popular among children and hence
it becomes very nostalgic because everybody grew up eating this.
All right, let's go ahead and get started!
So I'm going to speak a little bit louder, because my, mmm, ya know, thingy-thing (stove) is a bit loud.
All right, this is hot -- I'm gonna add some olive oil to my pan....
and I'm going to get my garlic press because I forgot it.
All right, I'm going to saute a chopped onion.
*doodoodoodooo*
One chopped onion in there, and it says to add a teaspoon of fresh garlic.
Love this garlic press -- this is an old Zyliss garlic press.
Woooow!
Man, take it easy!
All right, lots of garlic in there.
All right, sauté this up.
Smellin'...
incredible.
It's gotta be one of my favorite smells: onions and garlic sautéin'.
All right, so what am I supposed to do now now?
Now I'm gonna add my meat. This is 250 grams -- ground. You can use beef, turkey, pork....
...cook it up a little bit.
So my meat is no longer pink...
Now I'm going to add my hot dogs. This is three hot dogs that have been cut up.
Stir that in.
A little pinch of salt, and pepper.
One cup of water.
And boil this until the meat is completely cooked and the water has reduced.
So, we'll let that go for a few minutes, I guess.
And I've been told that banana ketchup is often added to this. I couldn't find any banana ketchup,
for the life of me. I should just do a full tasting on that, because I've never had banana ketchup, so...
Anyways, that's a whole 'nother segment.
So otherwise I would have added a healthy dose of that to this,
but unfortunately didn't have any, so we're gonna have it as suggested on the UFC package.
All right, we're letting this reduce, and then we're going to add two cups of our sauce.
It smells a little bit like ketchup, kind of smoky though.
All right,
let's just try it straight up.
*Ooh*
Very sweet and kind of roasted.
Interesting. Definitely not as tangy as tomato sauces that we find here in the U.S.,
and it's got like a little chili flavor to it too.
Tastes like there's some chili peppers in there. No heat at all, zero heat, but it does taste roasted.
Now I'm gonna add my sauce
And boil this, it says for three minutes.
Mmm.
Woohoohoohooo. Ahahahaha.
In fourth grade, I had the role of a witch in some silly play;
and I had like one line; it was like "bubble, bubble, boil and trouble," or something like that.
I got to wear a big pointy hat. I  borrowed it from my neighbor -- the hat was huger than I was.
It was LARGE!
All right, it's just coming up to the simmer now. I'm gonna reduce that
to medium and let that go for three minutes.
All right, so it's been several minutes. Let's take a look on our sauce.
So there it is our luscious thick sauce...
By the looks of it, it's got this kind of thicker glossy consistency
which makes me think there might be some thickeners in here -- could be some cornstarch or some sort of flour.
It's very bright red in color,
so I think there might be some food coloring in here as well.
And it smells a little bit vinegared, too.
Maybe there's a little bit of vinegar in there as well. All right, so our sauce is ready.
So I've got some spaghetti noodles that I boiled up.
And get my noodles. Pasta noodles!
Put a healthy ladle of sauce on there.
Oh yes!
And then I'm gonna top it with shredded cheese.
Yep, yep, yep, yep, that looks pretty tasty.
Here is my beautiful plate of Filipino style spaghetti. Let's see how it is.
So, my cheese is nicely melted.
And I'm going to swirl my spaghetti noodles...
in there. Make sure I get a piece of hotdog.
Itadakimasu!
Mm-hmm.
And that is pretty tasty.
It's a little bit different than the Jollibee version.
I think the sauce was a little bit thicker: it seemed to coat the noodles a little bit more;
but that can be easily remedied by just cooking down the sauce a little bit more.
Also, I think my hotdogs are a little smokier...
in flavor -- they had more of a pronounced smokiness to them, maybe it's a different style of hotdog.
But generally speaking it is very very similar. It's sweet and tomatoey, familiar. Yet a little bit different. It's great!
I think kids would love this because of the addition of sugar. Also the noodles are also a little bit different
I cook them a little bit firmer.
I like my noodles a little bit more al dente
While the ones at Jollibee were not overcooked, they were just a little bit softer than the noodles are cooked today.
I'm gonna have another bite.
Mmm-hmm
And I have to say with the addition of all those ingredients.
It really does change the flavor of the sauce.
When I had the sauce alone it tasted a bit like chili powder, as I mentioned, and lots of tomato; and it was sweet;
but somehow with the onion and garlic and the meat in there it tastes actually sweeter.
And maybe it's because of the onion in there -- it makes it taste sweeter.
But maybe it's the contrast between that savory component of the meat,
and the actual sweetness and the sauce. I don't know... Or maybe the sauce simply just cooked down.
But it does taste, sweeter, but not in an unpleasant way.
I think it might be shocking to some if you've never had this style, but it's not so sweet that it makes it unappealing.
It's something you get used to very quickly and it's still very, very familiar,
in a way that you're like, "yes this is spaghetti."
And I can see easily how this would be deeply tied to childhood memories and, hence, nostalgia.
Mm-hmm.
It's actually really good. Mm-hm.
Mm-hmm!
I think actually like this version better than the Jollibee version.
All right, thank you guys so much for joining me.
I hope you guys enjoyed that one. I hope you guys learned something.
I'm also planning on doing a Fiesta Palabok dupe recipe as well, because I loved that one so much.
Let me know in the comments if you have a recipe, or if you have websites 
or references that I should take a look at.
I would love to make one that is very similar to the Jollibee one,
because that was so delicious and Jollibee is so very much, you know, in New Jersey, like three hours away.
So...please share this with your friends;
follow me on social media so you can see what videos are coming up next; and I shall see you my next one!
Toodaloo! Take care! Byeee!
(exasperated, gruff voice) Why aren't you boiling?
