Today we're going to show you how to make our all-time favorite pancit! Pancit Palabok!
Pancit Palabok
is a Filipino rice noodle dish that draws its distinct flavor from a super flavorful shrimp sauce.
Before we actually start cooking we need to do a little bit of prep work.
You'll first need to take about one pound of shrimp and properly devein and peel them.
A really cool deveining trick that my mom taught us is to take a toothpick and
puncture straight through the third and the second to the last segments from the tail of an unpeeled shrimp,
right below where the poop sack would be. And then just gently lift up and carefully string out the poo poo. All
dat poo poo...and
then what you want to do is extract all the shrimp guts out of the head.
The best way to do this is to first carefully peel up the carapace part of the head.
Next gently detach the front legs underneath the head.
Then using your fingers squeeze out as much of the shrimp guts as you can into a bowl.
These guts are going to be the primary source of flavor for the Palabok. So try to milk out as much as you can.
Afterwards just peel off the shell, tail and other legs of the shrimp.
Repeat this process until you've peeled all of your shrimp.
Then set your bowl of shrimp aside for later.
Now it's time to start making the Palabok sauce!
In a small pan pour in about three to four tablespoons of oil over medium low heat. And then
add in 1/4 of a bulb of minced garlic.
Allow them to fry for a few minutes until they become a light golden brown color.
Be careful not to fry them over too high of a heat setting. Otherwise, they might fry too quickly and burn.
Once the garlic is nice and crunchy take the garlic and oil, and strain it into a pot. We'll be using the strained oil
that's now infused with garlic to saute the next couple of ingredients.
And then go ahead and take your fried garlic bits and set them aside for later.
Set your stove over medium heat. Next throw in half a diced medium onion. And
saute it until it's translucent.
Then add in 1/4 of a bulb of minced garlic. And saute until it becomes fragrant.
Afterwards drop in half a pound of ground pork.
Break up the pork into little pieces and brown it until it's fully cooked.
Next take your bowl of shrimp meat and guts and just mix everything together.
Then throw it in with everything else. And
give it a quick little stir.
Now pour in two and a half cups of water. And
bring everything to a boil. While everything is heating to a boil, we're going to create a dry mixture
that'll act as both a thickening and coloring agent for the Palabok sauce. In a new bowl,
drop in 1/4 of a cup of rice flour,
1/4 of a cup of corn starch, and
1 tbsp of a annatto powder. And
mix everything thoroughly.
When the contents of the pot reach a boil, your shrimp should be fully cooked.
Immediately drop the heat back down to medium.
Next drop in your dry ingredient mixture into the pot. And
stir everything together until it's all fully incorporated.
Afterwards add in 2 teaspoons of salt,
1/2 a teaspoon of garlic powder,
1/4 of a teaspoon of black pepper, and
3/4 of a teaspoon of sugar.
Continue mixing everything together until the Palabok sauce reaches your desired thickness.
We found that our Palabok sauce was a little too thick, so we ended up adding an extra half a cup of water.
Once you're satisfied with cooking your Palabok sauce, it's time to start cooking the noodles.
We recommend using a wide deep pan for cooking your noodles so that it's easier to fit them in.
Start off by pouring in enough water to be able to fully submerge your noodles. And
then bring the water to a soft boil.
Once at a soft boil, add in 8 ounces of bihon rice noodles.
Using a pair of serving utensils separate the strands of noodles as they're cooking.
This process should take about 4 to 6 minutes. You'll want the texture of the noodles to be al dente by the time they're done.
You can pick out a couple of strands and taste them just to make sure.
When your noodles are done go ahead and strain them and it's finally time to start assembling your plate of
Pancit Palabok. Along with the rice noodles and Palabok sauce, top off your
Pancit Palabok with the fried garlic, which we fried up earlier, crushed pork rinds or chicharon,
slices of hard-boiled eggs,
chopped green onions, fish sauce or patis, and lemon!
Now just grab as many noodles as your heart desires and place it onto your plate. And
pour a generous amount of Palabok sauce right on top!
Then add in all of your favorite toppings. We both like to go hard on the chicharon, but for
presentation purposes we held back a little.
Once your plate of Pancit Palabok is fully assembled,
just give it a good mix and get all the noodles covered in the sauce.
And dig in! It's funny how it takes a few hours to cook this dish,
but it literally took us two minutes to eat!
We sometimes like to eat our Palabok with pandesal and cheese.
But it's also super yummy as is! It's talagang tasty!
