What's up guys? Today we're going to show
you how to make pastel de lengua. Pastel
de lengua is a Filipino dish that's made
up of beef tongue, mushrooms and corn, and
is stewed in a creamy garlic butter sauce.
To make our version of pastel de lengua,
you'll first want to get a hold of beef
tongue. Ours was frozen so we thawed it
out in the fridge for two days
beforehand. Once it's ready to go, take it
out of the packaging, and give it a good
rinse. Afterwards
place your beef tongue into a pressure
cooker. Today we're using an instant pot
to pressure cook it but the process is
pretty much the same if you're using a
normal pressure cooker. Now go ahead and
add in one small sliced onion, and five
bay leaves. Then pour in just enough
water to cover your beef tongue. Next
secure the lid to your instant pot, and
make sure that the steam release is set
to the sealing setting. And then set the
instant pot to the meat stew setting
at high pressure for forty-five minutes.
If you're using a normal pressure cooker
you'll want to pressure cook your beef
tongue for about twenty to thirty
minutes. When it's done pressure cooking
allow it to naturally release all the
pressure. Once the float valve unlocks
it's safe to open. Using a pair of tongs
take out your beef tongue and place it
into a bowl, and allow it to cool for at
least thirty minutes. When it's cool
enough to handle, it's time to start
prepping and cutting it up. First what
you want to do is peel off the outer
skin of the beef tongue. If you need to,
you can use a knife to get under the
skin.
And also don't forget to peel under the
tongue. Next cut off the extra stuff at
the base of the tongue, as well as these
furry things on the side. If you know
what these parts are, let us know in the
comments below.
At this point you can start slicing up
your beef tongue. Starting at the base of
the tongue cut slices that are about a
quarter of an inch thick. Next trim off
the second layer of skin around the
slices. Some people like to keep these
back ridges of the tongue but we like to
cut it out, but it's really up to you.
Then continue slicing up the rest of
your beef tongue in the same way. We like
to cut our beef tongue like this just so
it's a little more presentable. Every
beef tongue has a unique shape to it so
you'll have to adapt your cutting to how
it's shaped. When you get to the very tip
of the tongue just shave off the
remaining taste buds. If you got this far
pat yourself on the back because this
was the hardest part! Now it's time to
start cooking! Set a pot over medium low
heat. And then drop in three tablespoons
of butter. Using a mixing spoon move the
butter around until it fully melts. Next
add in six to nine cloves of minced
garlic. And saute the garlic in the
butter. Afterwards
place your beef tongue into the pot and
coat it with the garlic butter saute.
Then pour in one and two thirds cups of
water. Cover your pot and leave it
cracked open a little if your lid
doesn't have a venting hole. Bring your
beef tongue to a boil. And once at a boil
bring it down to a simmer, and simmer
everything for forty to sixty minutes.
When it's done take the lid off your pot
and fork the beef tongue to see if its
tenderness is to your liking. If it's not
just continue simmering it until it is.
Next sprinkle in one teaspoon of salt.
And stir it in. At this point if you find
the liquid is running a little low you
can add in a little bit more water. We
ended up adding another 1 cup. Cover your
pot again with the lid slightly cracked
open, and continue simmering everything
for another 15 minutes.
Afterwards add-in 1-7.6 fluid ounce can
of table cream. And mix it in. Followed by
one and a half cups of sliced mushrooms.
And one and a half cups of whole corn
kernels. Stir everything together. At this
point you're trying to thicken the sauce
so continue simmering it for another 15
minutes uncovered. Next go ahead and
taste your sauce to check if it needs
more salt.
Ours was perfect so we didn't end up
adding any. Our sauce wasn't quite at our
preferred thickness at this point so we
actually ended up simmering it for
another 15 minutes. When your pastel de
lengua looks like this, you're all done!
We know that beef tongue can be a little
intimidating for most, but if you're down
with it, we promise this dish does not
disappoint!
It's talagang tasty!
