Filipino Kids - Why are they so special?
I admit that sometimes I get a little frustrated
with the locals here.
Am I always right and reasonable?
Of course not.
I'm human, and I can be judgmental at times.
I admit it.
However, I have nothing but praise and delight
for Filipino kids.
Filipino Children - A sheer delight
I still remember before my first trip here
back in the 1990's, I had that thinking that
the Philippines was overrun by "unwanted children".
An excess of kids that were a general burden
on their parents.
How wrong I was!
Saw plenty of kids.
Mostly wanted and loved very much.
Most Filipino homes had floors covered in
children.
Is there a floor covering?
If so, what colour was it?
Who knows!
So many kids that you can't see it.
And like all Filipinos, the kids smile and
laugh over very little.
And compared to us "seen and not heard" Aussie
kids, they could never imagine themselves
as unwanted or unloved.
All very aware of the own value, and confirmed
by every adult that they see.......and every
other child!
I just had some guests on Sunday.
Welsh chap, with his wife and two kids.
10 year old boy and 13 year old girl.
They had never met my kids before, however
they were best of friends within about 5 minutes.
They boy had a 3 year old girl making heavy
demands on his time and attention, and it
didn't bother him in the slightest.
Another time, we had........maybe 20 kids
here on a new years eve.
Youngest maybe 3.
Oldest maybe 19.
And everything in between.
Girls, boys, all ages.
All waiting for the standard Harvie new years
fireworks.
And while waiting, they all played.
Games that I had never seen, which is normal
regardless of how many years you live here.
Kids here know hundreds of them, and they
will all join in with enthusiasm.
No one is too old or too "cool".
And they will patiently help little kids along
and will cop all the nonsense that little
kids dish out without complaint.
Seriously?
Wouldn't happen so readily in Australia.
Sorry, but it really wouldn't.
Even expecting an 18 year old to be nice to
a 13 year old is a big ask!
And it's whatever kid happens to be there
too.
It doesn't need to be little brother or niece.
Ate's and kuya's are always on duty and will
rise to the occasion.
The last time my mother visited here Christmas
2015, she told me how impressed she was with
two of our girls...11 and 12 at the time.
2 year old Maggie vomited all over herself,
as 2 year olds do.
The older two?
They just scooped her up, cleaned her up and
changed her without a word.
My mum was truly amazed.
But that's just normal here.
Ask any kid to take care of another kid, and
they just do!
They're all used to it, and they have no problem
doing it.
I don't know what or why.
I suppose it has to do with the lack of extended
families and the reduced number of kids in
Australia.
I don't remember ever having anything to do
with a baby when I was a kid.
The occasional visitor had one, but you kept
your distance from that strange creature.
Most of us had our first introduction to babies
when we actually had our own kids.
Suddenly they would thrust this wrapped-up
baby into your arms and you were expected
to take over.
I do like the way things are here.
It seems somewhat more balanced.
And no Jeff Harvie article about kids would
be complete without a plug for you to consider
what a wonderful addition to your life is
a Filipino child or several.
If you meet a single mother, unless she has
a legal restriction preventing bring her kids
to Australia then you should include them
in a partner visa application.
What possible loss could it be to have beautiful
smiling faces and pure hearts full of love....love
for their mum (your wife) and love for the
new dad who accepted them.
Nothing but a win win!
