What’s up guys? In today’s recipe, Rei
and I are going to show you how to make Ginisang
Monggo! Ginisang Monggo is a Filipino dish
that’s made up of mung beans, pork, shrimp,
and some chicharron!
First, we need to prep some shrimp. You’ll need about ½
a pound of shrimp. First devein your shrimp
by taking a toothpick and puncture straight
through the 3rd and 2nd to the last segments
from the tail end, right below where the poop
line is. And then, just gently lift up, and
carefully string out the poop sack.
And then what you want to do is extract all
of the shrimp guts out of the head. The best
way to do this is to first carefully peel
up the carapace. And then gently detach the
front legs underneath the head. Then, using
your fingers, squeeze out as much of the shrimp
guts as you can into a bowl. Afterwards, just
peel off the shell, tail and other legs of
the shrimp. Repeat this process until you’ve
peeled all of your shrimp! Then set your bowl
of shrimp aside for later.
Next up, we’re gonna to fry up some pork
belly! In a new pan, pour in 1-2 tablespoons
of oil, and set your stove to medium heat.
Once your pan is ready to go, drop in ½ - 1/3
of a pound of pork belly cut into little strips.
Fry them up on both sides until they’re
fully cooked and have a light crisp to their
edges. And then place your pork belly in a
bowl and set them aside for later.
Now its time to start cooking your mung beans!
In a new pot, drop in 1 cup of mung beans.
And then add in 6 ½ cups of water. Cover
your pot and bring everything to a soft boil.
And cook your mung beans for about 40 minutes.
While the mung beans are boiling, you’ll
want to prepare the saute that you’ll be
adding to it. First what you want to do is
microwave 1 sliced tomato for about a minute
or 2, or until the tomato looks wilted. This
will help it blend with the other ingredients
a little easier. Next, in a new pan, pour
in 2-3 tablespoons of oil over medium heat.
And toss in 1 small, thinly sliced onion.
Saute your onions until they’re translucent.
Afterwards, drop in 5 cloves of minced garlic.
And saute them until they’re fragrant. Then
add in your tomatoes. And stir them in until it starts looking somewhat
like a sauce. Finally, just toss in your shrimp,
along with their guts, into your saute. And
cook both sides of the shrimp, making sure
not to overcook them.
As soon as your shrimp are fully cooked, add
your saute to your mung beans. And stir everything
together! Ideally, you’ll want to try to
time it so that your mung beans finish cooking,
when you’re done with your saute. Next,
add the pork belly strips we fried from
earlier. And 1 ¼ teaspoons of salt. And give
everything a good stir. Then continue simmering
everything over medium heat
for about 15 minutes.
When its done simmering, go ahead and add
in 10-20 pork rinds.
And then submerge them so that they
have a chance to soften a bit. Then follow
it up with 2 cups of spinach. Just mix everything
together! And you’re done!
It's usually eaten with white rice, but is also
often paired with Filipino fried milkfish.
It’s talagang tasty!
