hey guys my name is tristan ndianga and i make 
videos about this pageants please consider  
subscribing to the channel if you're interested 
in that and let's get started so i've always  
wanted to make a reaction with just the miss 
universe philippines or the binibining pilipinas  
and guys this is finally the video. I did a 
haircut so that i look so good in it like i'm so  
happy to be here right now so guys the show starts 
and the opening i think it was way excellent  
as compared to the way the preliminaries were and 
i really like the choreography in it i like the  
way that they introduced themselves and this time 
with the costumes i was like oh my god like the  
philippines they really know what they are doing 
when it comes to the pageanys then guys to host  
we see pia iris and demi that's miss universe 2015 
2016 and 2017 all in one and guys for sure there's  
more to come i'm so happy you guys see all of 
them one thing to that also like was that the  
first cut was from this one was to 16 contestants 
i think it's good that um in this time like 50%of  
the contestants are going to move forward unlike 
in some other pigeons where like just 15 percent  
or 30 percent of the contestants move forward to 
the semi-finals more girls had a chance to make  
it to the first cut because for somebody like 
me guys if it is my first pageant i'll just be  
hoping to make it to the first cut then let's 
see what happens from there. then guys for pia,  
iris and demi i'm like how do they master the 
names of all the judges in their head because  
for someone like me i'm going to need a card 
because it's really hard especially because  
they are not from the philippines and those are 
mostly filipinos so yeah but anyways guys i think  
that they are so great and they can really do it 
definitely better than me oh my gosh guys we have  
lea, shamcey shupshup and universe 1963 so i think 
the miss universe Philippines this year was such  
a reunion for many pageant title holders and guys 
i'm sure that i've heard the name rachel simpson  
before and then we have harnaaz shandu, i think 
that she's so gorgeous. We have lea that's miss  
universe philippines 2006 i think it's so great 
that um to see all of these queens from way back  
come here and i think that is also good 
then guys i also liked that they also gave  
some soecial awards at the finals i think it was 
good then the music too was also very nice for me  
then guys its top 16 and let me say what i think. 
Neuva Vizacaya, yes she was in my predictions.  
Taguig too in my predictions, Congrats Cebu 
City, Congrats Aklan, Makati, yess congrats in my  
predictions too, Albay, congrats in my predictions 
too, Palawan, yess Angelica congrats, my favorite,  
Iloilo province, in my predictions too, Bagiou 
City, congrats, Cebu province congrats, Misamis  
Oriental Congratulations, Miss bohol congrats, 
ilocos sur congrats, laguna congrats, yess pasay,  
congrats in my list too, iloilo 
city, another fave for me congrats.
so guys i'm so happy that out of the thirteen 
girls in my predictions at least eight of them  
were able to move on to the next round and 
guys for the backstage correspondent i wish  
that i was the girl who would have won and been 
there like honestly i wish i could be a backstage  
correspondent before i think it's so great 
so i have the feeling of appearing on tv  
and i think it's just so good and guys listening 
to these girls stories oh my god yes i think that  
they learned a lot from miss universe philippines 
it has helped him to grow and so i think that miss  
universe Philippines is really a great platform to 
help girls because just look at the stories that  
are telling us i think it's good and then one 
thing to is that the miss universe Philippines  
organization did very well as well as coverage 
activities was concerned for the pageant then  
guys its the swimsuit competition and this time 
they use sweaters instead of the normal sarong  
or the loins and i think that is so good that 
pageants are becoming more unique day after day  
especially for the national pigeons i think it's 
so good then the swimsuit competition starts guys  
and let me get my comments. Neuva vizcaya i'll 
say she was great but should have definitely  
been better, taguig she was so good, cebu city she 
was very unique, aklan she was sexy and natural.  
Makati i think that she's way better when it comes 
to evening gown competition than in the swimsuit  
competition. Albay is good, palawan she's giving 
all this sexy vibes angie she's good looking,  
iloilo province she's also good. so guys for this 
one i don't know but the music which was playing  
here i feel like it was not so good for swimsuit 
if i was a contestant i could have kind of had a  
hard time walking with some blank studio music but 
anyways guys that's just what i think i think for  
me they could have used a better music which has 
more beats for swimsuit competition let's continue  
guys. Bagiou wow she's my favorite for the 
swimsuit competition so far. Cebu province what i  
like about her the most was her look, so misamis 
oriental, she reminds me of kirby from dynasty  
that’s madison brown please comment below if you 
have watched dynasty and i'll say hohol was okay,  
ilocus sur i'll say she was good, laguna 
i'll say she was natural here and pasay she's  
a fan favorite right what i like about pasai 
especially is her expressions and i think that  
they are so good here, iloilo city i was like wow 
she was really rocking this competition. then i  
liked that the hosts had dress changes. i think it 
was good demi looks here like a disney princess to  
me in fact they all are amazing. Pasay eventually 
won the best swimsuit competition and i would say  
that congratulations she deserved it very well. 
Then we have beatrice luigi gomez also that  
bea was great she's one of the most unique miss 
universe Philippines so far and for someone who  
is so different and she was able to do a great 
job at universe guys she is so great i don't  
know but i'm getting emotional every time that i 
see bea on stage like seriously then especially  
for her outfit and then oh my god then bea talked 
about going back to college i just imagined myself  
going to college also the same school with miss 
universe philippines and im like a wow oh my god  
actually there's a girl in my class she has more 
than 75000 on tiktok i'm scared to approach her  
but by the way guys please follow my tiktok 
i'll leave it here and forget about me guys  
let's go back to miss universe philippines i also 
liked it when um shamcey tried to explain that  
it's not easy to direct a national pageant and i 
think it's good and i also think that filipinos  
are really good when it comes to fashion they are 
the ones who designed Cameroon’s preliminary gown  
at miss universe 2020 and i think that it was 
way over the top. the evening gown potion is my  
favorite and being able to see 16 gowns i'll see 
i'm very happy unlike how we usually see 10 gowns  
eight gowns 12 gowns and being able to see all 
16 gowns i'll say i really liked it let me give  
my comments about the evening on competition neuva 
vizcaya that the gown was good but definitely not  
my favorite especially with the gloves i'm not 
really a fan of gloves when it comes to pageants  
then we have taguig so i'm not really a fan of 
straight gowns but this one it was just so good  
especially with the hair the whole look was good 
and i hope that she makes it to the next round.  
Cebu city is unique yes but there's so much of 
skin showing there for me i don't know for you  
it can be good but i'm just saying but what i 
like and it's not really my type and it's also  
kind of like the latex so i don't i'm not really 
feeling it. Aklan i'll say wow i love this gown  
especially the details of the gown, i'll say 
it's good. Miss makati’s gown was good, and  
it's so good that it was kind of different from 
what she wore at the preliminaries. Albay there's  
just too much skin here and it's not really my 
type to be honest. Palawan, the design of the  
gown is great and her walk is great just giving 
all the sexy vibes but if you kind of look closer  
like what's happening here i don't really know but 
left to me she still did great but i'm a little  
concerned for her. Bagiou wow what an elegant 
nice yellow dress, ghenenis latugat, Bagiou City.  
oh my god guys i really like especially her smile 
at the end like she was so good. Cebu province  
this yellow gun is so great like to me it's so 
good everything is just 100 she checks all the  
boxes. Misamis oriental i'll say wow her gown was 
so unique and i loved it a lot it was so nice.  
Bohol i'll say she was great and the red looks 
was so nice. Ilocus sur what a nice flowerish look  
i'm like wow maybe she's over then walking it 
i don't know but still the gown was good laguna  
oh my god i like how this gun was built then 
her pose at the end everything in the end was  
just wow to me. Pasay, what a fan favorite, I love 
especially her facials, what a great dress. Iloilo  
city, outstanding performance and a good job. 
miss makati won the best in gown I’ll say  
congratulations she really deserved it. During 
the advert bea said something that i could not  
get out of my mind. make all of the women and 
the young girls feel like it is really normal  
to talk about their period all the time and 
whenever they feel the need to ask for a pad  
it's normal to ask not just to a fellow women but 
also to men when we continuously discuss and talk  
about menstrual health you know eventually 
it will be normal and a lot of girls will  
pass on the education that they learn from their 
elderly and you know it will be a huge change in  
general for the society in the community it should 
be very normal for a girl to ask for a pad if she  
does not have whether it's from a boy or from a 
girl or just that she has to ask and i think that  
is good i don't know but why but where i am now 
like people still consider menstruation or let me  
say when girls are on their period, there are bots 
who still laugh at girls for that i think it's  
not good i support all girls and i support equal 
rights #nextperiodready and the evening gown ends,  
taguig, pasay, misamis oriental, baguio laguna and 
palawan those are the six girls i want to see them  
in the top 10. but now they're about to announce 
to top ten and let me say what i think. Makati  
also yes makati deserved her spot with top 10 she 
has been great throughout the whole night. Pasay  
also congratulations well deserved, bagiou city 
i think that she has also done great this night  
too. Taguig made it i liked her gown so much 
that's what i like especially about her. We have  
misamis oriental and i'll say yes congrats i also 
had that in my list. Cebu province i too made it  
that's excellent, bohol congratulations, cebu city 
congratulations, albay congratulations and iloilo  
province congratulations well after this, I’m like 
a where is palawan with buguna like it's so sad  
for them that being able to make it like palawan 
was originally my favorite like seriously. then  
guys there's a chit chat it reminds me of 
the round table conversation at miss usa  
2021 but it's so good i don't really know if this 
is going to be scored but let me say what i think  
about their answers i like baguio's accent a lot i 
don't know if she’s related to someone from africa  
or if she's has someone from africa but her ascent 
that's what i really like about her. Taguig,  
i don't know but she reminds me a lot about hoang 
thuy that's miss universe vietnam 2019, like the  
way that they speak is kind of similar then guys 
albay’s scholarship story like being able to fund  
her own education through scholarships from 12 
to 25 i would say wow this is so good and it's  
so inspiring seriously i thought after that, from 
here we're going to have a top ten question and  
answer i know that we're going to score 
this and choose the top 5 from there,  
but that was their top 10 question answer but 
nonetheless guys it’s time to announce the top  
five misamis oriental i'm happy that 
she's moving forward in the competition,  
we have makati i think this is a great 
performance so far congratulations,  
taguig congratulations, we have pasay i was 
like yes congratulations this is well deserved.  
Congratulations to miss bohol at this point i'm 
sad for Bagiou i really wish she was able to be in  
top five but nonetheless guys the top five here 
they are so great. in the final question and  
answer round, i really wish that they were going 
have all the same questions but it was different,  
let me just give my comments about it. Misamis 
oriental, her story was good it was touching i  
really wish that i could hear more about it but 
nonetheless guys i think she was great. makati  
being afraid to make a fool of herself like this 
is just really me like seriously i don't know but  
any little thing just gets me too embarrassed 
i'm afraid and i don't know but i see a lot of  
myself in her seriously like what she said was 
really true and i think that her answer was also  
great. Taguig i think her answer was good and in 
fact the question was kind of a little bit too  
hard i hope that it keeps her safe the 
competition but nonetheless guys that's  
just how beauty pageant is some people get easy 
questions and some people get hard questions so  
that's just how it is. pasay, her answer was 
great and in the end guys family is everything  
i like the fact that she was very honest when 
it came to answering, bohol so i didn't really  
follow the competition last year and it's her 
second time joining Miss universe philippines,  
it’s now that i'm finding out and i'm like okay 
wow i think that she's good and i believe that  
everyone in life needs a second chance. also it’s 
the final look and they are all great and later  
we finally welcome queens we have Demi we have 
Iris so i have Pia and we have bea then later we  
have Harnaz Shandu. i think she's so gorgeous. I 
have a question like where's catriona gray during  
the whole video i did not see catriona gray 
anywhere except for the commercial but i think  
she was at the event why did they not give her a 
special shout out? i like how um they also gave  
place to runner up of last year's edition and oh 
my god guys we have Maureen Worblewitz. oh my god  
i've been a fan of maureen since asia's next top 
model in fact i wanted her to win miss universe  
philippines last year nonetheless i think 
she's great and she's gorgeous. #teammaureen  
then finally guys we have bea and her final walk 
i'll miss her a lot i think that um there is  
never ever going to be a miss universe philippines 
like bea seriously she's so unique she has broken  
stereotypes and here she is about passover crown 
so at this point that they have to announce the  
winner and i would say i either want makati, bohol 
or pasay to win the crown. Taguig comes in second  
runner up i'll say congratulations this is really 
good because her question was really hard and  
being able to come in second runner up i'll say 
wow that's really good. we have misamis oriental  
as the first runner up um wow oh my god i just 
hope that we get to see her on stage again or on  
international stage i just hope that this is 
not the last of her because i think she's really  
great. miss bohol wins charity and is charity 
overall fourth? please i don't know i'm kind of  
confused now filipino fans please tell me below 
if charity is overall fourth. Pasay and makati  
oh my god like this is really strong i don't know 
who i'm going to choose here so i'm just going to  
wait and for the announcement. PASAY!!! oh my god 
wow congratulations a lot of hard work up to this  
point and in the end it paid off she's already 
one of my favorites for universe i already see  
her going far in miss universe and i hope that she 
can do great and that's just it thank you so much  
if you watched up to this point i appreciate 
a lot please consider subscribing if you are  
interested in beauty pageant videos check out my 
social media and i'll see you in my next video
Thank you
