Good day!
 Good day mommy!
 How are you today? You look like you're in a jolly mood.
 Of course. Because it's December and it's almost Christmas.
 That's the first thing that enters our mind.
 And I also want to share our favorite recipes every Christmas.
 So our favorite recipes to eat during Christmas time?
 I'm very excited for that!
 I know! Because you're the first person to sit on the table.
 Of course because my favorite are my moms cooking.
 That's good to know.
 What are you cooking today for your first Christmas favorite that you're going to share with everyone?
 Of course our favorite, Beef Mechado!
Beef mechado?!
 The saucy dish. Saucy, oily, but delicious dish.
Mom why do you like cooking beef mechado every Christmas?
 of course! Because it's our comfort food.
 You can put the sauce in bread or rice.
 You can do that too.
 And I also remember our family sitting in one table while I serve beef mechado!
 OK. We're not going to wait any longer. I'm going to let you know what our main ingredients are.
 7 pounds beef tri-tip.
 That's a lot because you know we're very skinny here and we need to eat.
 And also we have a lot of visitors during Christmas. That's the way we are doing Christmas.
We need soy sauce.
Garlic powder.
Ground black pepper.
We need butter today.
 That's my secret, that's my lotion.
Black pepper corn.
Sugar.
Salt.
Bay leaf.
Garlic.
One slice of lemon.
Chicken bullion.
Onion.
And my bell pepper that's different colors.
Yellow orange and red. Christmas.
You're doing about this.
Carrots and bite-size potatoes.
Because Oliver want something you could just…
I patiently peeled that.
You don't need to peel it. 
I know but I wanted to peel it.
What are you bored with your life?
Yes, I didn't have anything to do earlier.
At least you're not gonna have a hard time chewing it.
You're just gonna swallow it.
And my…
Do you know what this is?
Tomato paste.
How many is that? Two.
Two pieces.
Sometimes I have the reputation to not say the measurements.
Later we're going to say all of that.
So you won't be confused.
My head is confused.
Apples vlog of the Thanksgiving dinner a lot of people were happy.
Because she had a lot of cups cups. Measurements.
So I'm going to copy it and measure as well.
You know me I just throw throw.
 I'm going to measure from now on.
Because it's embarrassing to you.
You might bully me.
Sometimes I have drama.
Have you seen my earrings today?
So beautiful.
Of course.
You're jealous again.
OK let's start, we might be here until midnight.
While we're heating our pan, I have to tell you that we have to marinate the meat first.
The beef.
So that it's delicious and full of flavor.
I'm just going to wash the dishes because I want to be able to do it like that like that like that.
You can marinate this for a long time or you don't have to.
About 30 minutes it's OK.
If you have time at least one hour is delicious.
 But after 30 minutes, you have to mix it again so that the flavor will incorporate.
How many cups is that? About 1 1/2.
One and a half cups of soy sauce.
I already wash my hands OK?
2 teaspoon of ground black pepper.
Garlic powder 2 teaspoons as well.
Now I will mix it.
When you mix it with your hands it really absorbs the flavor.
So you're basically massaging it.
Do you want to eat it just by the smell of it.
Just let it sit for about 30 minutes, so that we don't have to wait too long.
We're now going to put some oil.
Just a bit not one gallon.
Are you sure just a little bit?
See? A little.
That's a little bit.
This is my…
We're going to put it now.
That's one slice of butter.
That's a stick it's so big.
What slice are you talking about?
Just one slice, not one bulk.
We're putting butter so that it's more yummy.
That's a tip!
The butter gives off a savory and umami flavor.
It is up to you if you want salted or unsalted.
Our meat is 7 pounds.
That's why it's a lot.
But if you're only cooking a little bit you can just put half a stick of butter.
And the butter gives the sauce creaminess.
That's right.
Our garlic.
This is one bulb of garlic.
Let's put it in.
There.
Let's put our one big onion.
The reason why we put a lot of onions is that incorporates self into the actual sauce.
Remember that the more the onions the more delicious it is.
Hold on. We're going to transfer the pot on to the other burner.
Because this is too weak.
OK our pot is now OK.
We're not going to put our beef because the audience is now translucent.
Tip!
Do not throw away our marinade.
Because we need that for our beef.
We're going to set up a sauce and also to tenderize the meat.
So just keep it aside.
Of course we need to stir it.
You can see that it's beginning to make a sauce.
Especially when you mix it.
Because the marinade that the beef absorb will make our sauce more flavorful.
The people keep saying my beef isn't going to cook. I have a lid now.
My problem is now solved.
Let's let it sit for 30 minutes to just boil boil boil boil.
Before we put in our other ingredients.
Tip!
The garlic powder I put in our beef, you don't really necessarily put it.
The reason why I put it in so that it can penetrate the beef very quickly and get into it.
It's a really great ingredient if you're not going to marinade for a long time.
So that the taste of it when you fry it… 
You're really going to smell it.
What is your fondest memory during Christmas?
There's a lot. But when your dad is still alive during Christmas time.
We are ready talk about what we're going to be cooking.
But one thing that never goes missing during Christmas...
Fruit salad, coconut salad.
Are we going to cook that?
If you want to?
Of course.
Just mix this.
While you're waiting for the 15 to 20 minutes.
Let's put our marinade.
There.
And of course we're not going to put our black peppercorn.
That's 1 teaspoon.
Our knorr powder.
1 teaspoon too.
And our sugar.
One and a half teaspoon.
Our salt is optional.
If it's already up to your standards you don't need to add it.
So we're going to put it for last.
Our Bayleaf.
Four.
Our one slice of lemon.
Oh no why is it only one slice?
That's just to give a little kick.
No if you don't have any lemon juice use calamansi.
How about four pieces of clamansi.
Squeeze it and put it in.
Once the lemon juice is gone we will take it out later.
We're going to put a bit of water.
Why are you putting water?
Of course so our beef tenderize completely.
That's about 3 cups.
The cup we use is pretty big.
We're going to put our… What is this again… Tomato paste.
That's the ad creaminess. Just makes it like this.
I only put one tomato paste first.
No later if we see that it's not enough, we'll put the other one.
It all depends on the thickness of our sauce.
Now let's wait for it.
That's about one hour.
So that our flavor it's more delicious and our sauce as well.
Let's wait for it.
While we're waiting for our meat to cook, we're going to show you my Christmas tree.
And hour Parol (lantern) that Olly bought.
Our Christmas tree.
And our record player. We can play Jose Marie Chan there.
Yes.
There's our parol.
What do you call that in English mom?
Lantern of course.
So many different things are here, mermaid that's me.
This is Oliver.
There's also a bucket of fried chicken.
We also have an astronaut alien.
This is Oliver's favorite.
What the heck mom?
There's already presents, I don't know if I have any there.
You don't have any there. I don't have any there because I like it small.
We're going to feature more of Apple because they like the precision of your recipe not like other.
I know. That's why now I measure.
Mommy has been cooking for a long time. That's how moms are.
The cooking is in their hearts.
They're automatic.
The reason why I don't measure is because I just estimate what I throw in the dish I'm cooking.
Maybe because of how long I've been cooking.
I've been cooking since I was 18 years old.
Because I was left in the Philippines by my parents.
That's when I learned how to cook.
My husband was with me.
Every mothers cooking is different.
But there's always love.
That's universal in our mothers and fathers.
And if you don't have a mother or father, I'll be your mom.
Call me MAMA, nanay, or call me lola.
OK we're going to stir the mechado.
Let's see if it's tender.
The meat that we used here is try tip, but you can use any type of beef.
The short ribs.
Beef with marrow.
You can.
As long as it's beef it's fine.
Let's poke.
You can poke it's cooked.
But just a little bit more. Let's wait for it.
Let's mix it again.
Do you see all those fats?
The reason why I like to try tip is because there's little spots of fat. That's delicious.
Because it gives us more flavor. Once a cooks it give it deliciousness.
We don't always eat pork or fat only when there is an occasion.
Yesterday you ate fat.
No. Chicharrón.
That's different.
OK let's wait up until 30 minutes before we put in the potatoes, bell peppers, and carrots.
Our mechado is tender.
Let's now put our carrots and potatoes.
  Alexa stop. 
There. There's see the sauce it's becoming more flavorful.
Let's wait for it again for another 30 minutes.
Let's close the lid again.
There we go it's closed.
  Other people put sweet peas in their mechado.
They also put celery.
It's totally up to you what you want to put. You can also probably put sweet yams.
This is just an update because I forgot.
My carrots are just six small size carrots.
And then my potatoes is just 10 really small and bite-size.
If you're going to use the bigger potato, just use four or five.
Our tomato paste I told you earlier we're going to put it if that sauce isn't thick enough.
But our size is just right so we're not going to put it.
We're not going to put our bell pepper. This is three different colors.
Just put it on top so that it's crunchy.
Now if you want it completely cooked, just mix it in later.
Let's mix it so I can show you how good the sauce is.
There you go.
There's the butter and also the rendered fat of our beef.
That's really good with rice. That's why your secret ingredient is butter.
That's to give the sauce more flavor and savoriness.
It's true what they say, just the sauce in you're already full.
Even if there's no more beef left, you can still use the sauce as food.
There you go look.
It's cooked, I'm just waiting for Alexis to yell.
Just a little bit more.
This is it. One last mix. See you at the table!
It's cooked! We're ready to taste our mechado!
Are you ready? We're going to taste it now.
We're going to serve it now.
Of course we're going to put the sauce because that's the best part.
I already have potatoes and carrots.
I'm going to get some rice.
So we can taste our mechado.
Of course, two cups.
You see how good the sauce look from the butter and the fats.
I'm ready to taste the first bite.
Of course the chili and fish sauce,
There you go.
My mouth is watering.
Our beef is so tender. Super super tender.
And our size is just right on flavor.
Second bite.
Third bite.
She's picky. OK there we go.
You pass.
 You two are so mean.
You're ganging up on me.
OK, we're successful again in our cooking.
Don't forget!
To LIKE. COMMENTS. and SUBSCRIBE.
EEDJIOTS!
Why are you getting some?
You're just a cameraman, get sardines over there.
