Right? If you can come from the Western 
world... live a comfortable life abroad,  
move to the Philippines and see where you can 
actually, you know, what was comfortable abroad,  
you can actually affect change to make it that 
way in a developing nation like the Philippines...  
that in of itself is opportunity. Right? 
And I think that's kind of what you see now  
with a lot of people that are "sea turtles" 
moving back to the Philippines and then you  
know we have portfolio companies it actually 
fits into some of the investment thesis  
of Foxmont, right? We actually think about that 
meaningfully and we say hey wait a minute you know  
there are literally people coming back from 
universities in the States... they're spending  
their time here they're not going to be like these 
you know junior level kids that are going to take,  
you know, B management trainees at some large 
you know publicly listed American corporation...  
they are looking for funding they have great ideas 
they have the resilience even just the idea of  
moving from north america or the Western world 
to the Philippines... that's already resilience  
and that's already taking 
risks so they already have that  
what if we fund them and what if we give 
them some money to solve a Filipino problem?  
um so yeah i mean i think that 
um i think that going back to  
all the way back to the original question yeah 
i i think that yes i was probably quite rare uh  
in my time for going against the flow but since 
2008 2009 2010 i think that you're actually seeing  
a lot of people coming back to the Philippines 
a lot yeah and it's come it's becoming a very  
interesting place to actually you know work 
and start a business... the Philippines is  
thriving right and a lot of that has to do with 
just the last two years because of the pandemic  
we went from an analog country in march 2020 
analog meaning i still went to the atm i mean when  
was the last time you went to an ATM Shaun come 
on, let's be honest, right you use like wallets  
you use digital banking apps you pay friends 
using like apps do you know what i mean yeah
last year march 2020 i was printing out bills 
going to the atm and paying over the counter...  
analog... but today the Philippines 
has leapfrogged right in other words  
you don't leapfrog because like people don't 
use laptops in the Philippines, people don't  
use desktops in the Philippines we leapfrog all 
of that and we're just like purely mobile yes  
and we're catching up so fast to the rest 
of the world our internet's not that bad  
it's really not right it's you know it's not 
that expensive um and all of that leads to  
some great great opportunities for founders 
to find great businesses that are really just  
capitalizing on the 
digitalization of this country...  
Vietnam had fast internet for a long time 
Indonesia's had internet and a thriving  
ecosystem for a long time i would say that 
in Vietnam sorry Indonesia's ecosystem has  
been around for like 10 years right but the 
Philippines all of that the ecosystem the digital  
infrastructure all of that has been compressed 
during the pandemic when we were all indoors  
in what could be perceived as the world's 
longest lockdown at three and a half months  
where i was only allowed out once a week with 
my little quarantine pass to go to the grocery  
imagine a country where people were going to 
the ATM like and lining up there during payday  
all of a sudden forced not to do that they 
couldn't do it they couldn't even go to the ATM  
imagine that the mass digitization that had 
happened while we all sat indoors that's the  
state of it today and that's how it's grown 
right it's it's it it went fast i mean i'm  
not going to say that i'm not going to compare us 
to some of our regional peers like Singapore yet  
but we are definitely at the precipice of some 
amazing digital transformation in this country
