Hello, beautiful beautiful 
people, all of you, my neighbors
We are here outside
We are going to eat lunch. My wife doesn't want 
to cook that's the reason why we're going out.  
I changed my hair color. Yeah you look good. So follow 
us let's watch what food we eat. Okay let's go!
I asked my student about Taiwanese 
husband I really want to give him a chance  
or to give Taiwanese husband the chance of 
saying something good about Taiwanese husband  
Because you said "mama's boy". I didn't 
say everyone. Always play game and just let the wife  
do many housework. I didn't say everyone. 
Yeah! So your students watch your video? Yeah!  
My student is a good example because he's a good 
husband but I want you to watch this video, baby.
We are talking about Taiwanese husbands. So. 
Hai! What is this? Japanese?
I think they work hard
always think about their family. Yes. Yeah, like 
uh take care about the wife and the children.  
Taiwanese husband always think about their 
family first. So, not many Taiwanese husbands like a Mama's...
mama's boy? mama's boy! Yeah. What can you say about 
Taiwanese wife? Taiwanese wife is nice!   
Sometimes, thinking about home, cleaning a room, cooking something for husband, take care of the husband.
For work, maybe, husband work very hard.
Yeah, I think both work is better   
because they can take a look at another situation 
and other people and make more friends.  
What do you think of Filipinos? Um, like you, 
you are like my friend, so I think Filipinos
men is good. Yeah, I think. How about Philippine 
woman? Woman? But, I don't have a Philippine woman friend  
so~ Do you want do you want to meet a Philippine 
woman friend? If you are inviting me  
make a Philippine friends is okay because I 
don't have a very big friend. Okay.
There you go. We have heard it from a Taiwanese Husband
Sonny is my student and also my friend.
So, in this Channel, we are trying to be "fair".
So that we are all peaceful in terms of treatment to them.
So, let's go back.
We ate Brunch.
And after that, we immediately went back home.
We came back home! Um finally!
Open the door.
Let's go home!
Later I will make a cake. You will make a cake? Yes!
Because I will congratulate our 500...
Your butt!
I can see your butt! Because we will 
congratulation our subscribe people have 500  
and we will, I will make a cake, we will eating and 
say something can. And I will help you how to make a cake?  
Please! I'm gonna write on the recipe and we together. 
Okay let's go!   
We already prepared everything to how to make a cake! So, let's start! Okay, I have a recipe! Please help me!  
Okay 85 grams. I think you just put all. 85 not only
like this. Oh my god! 85 85 sir. 
Do you know we make a cake not a candy? I think... 
No! These have glasses are you kidding me?
Hello! Sir! What's this? It's my 
favorite spoon! It's very thin and small!  What's wrong with you?
A few moments later. 
Okay so, 
I think we have the cake now.
Congratulations!
We already put this cake in the fridge. 
People cannot see our cake, you take!
We don't have milk, we're so poor! what are you doing? Too much! It doesn't look like 500 anymore.
What are you doing? Oh okay, 
how do you say congratulations?
Congratulations! Congratulations!
Congratulations guys! Congratulations! This is 
your "win" because it's all about you!   
It's not about us! So this is our uh our sign of 
thanks. This is how we thank you guys! Wow yeah!  
So what is your wish baby? We are already 
500 subscribers? we're already 500 neighbors!  
My dear neighbors!
It's like our birthday! My wish is, I hope maybe 
more people will like our videos.   
Subscribe our videos? Really? You hope? Or like. I thought 
you don't care about people subscribing.  
My wish is that everyone is safe and I hope you 
you also have something to eat there, breakfast  
lunch or dinner. It's okay if you're not subscribed 
yet, you can just comment and just be friends to us.  
 That's the most important thing for me. For my 
wife she wants to have more subscribers! I think it's okay (the cake).  
So what do you think? How does it taste? Like pudding cake. Not bad! Pudding cake! Not bad! 
Okay, you want say something? I was thinking,  it was it was going to be terrible.  
 It's okay. But now, um it's not really bad! 
 Now it's your turn! come on! don't be shy!
We forgot to say thank you! Thank you 
guys for watching and also thank you for  
supporting and subscribing and of course 
thank you for commenting. Thank you thank you thank you!
