Now, we are going to talk about why is it so expensive to live here in Hawaii.
A lot of people are asking why is it expensive to live in Hawaii
Let's talk about what are the things that we need to consider if we wanted to move to Hawaii.
First things first, HOUSING.
I think this is probably the biggest expense that most people have while living here.
But why?
First, because Hawaii is an Island.
If you're planning to build a house, all the construction materials that you need will be shipped here.
Aside from that, we also need to consider
our utilities like electricity, water and etc.
Now the question is, If we are going to rent a house, how much?
STUDIO, $1000 to $1200 per month
1 Bedroom, $1300 to $1500 per month
and the 2 Bedroom, $1600 and up
it depends on where's the location and the size.
One of the things that you need to consider on choosing where to live
is your transportation.
Because most of the Jobs are in Honolulu.
The more closer to Honolulu, the more expensive the rent will be
On the West side, more cheaper but you also need to consider the traffic.
Because it can take up 2 hours before you can reach your destination.
So, those are the things that you need to consider when choosing where to live.
There's still some traffic but at least your destination is much closer.
Next one will be the TRANSPORTATION
They have a good Bus System,
they also have Rental Bike,
But I think you would still prefer to have you own car.
You need to think on how are you going to get your car.
If you're from the Mainland, you can ship you car here,
But if not, It's either you're going to purchase, Lease, or Finance a car.
Don't forget about the Gas
It also depends on how many full tank you're gonna consume in a month.
It also includes your REGISTRATION
INSURANCE, SAFETY CHECK, and the CAR MAINTENANCE.
And also, don't forget that If we wanted to move to Hawaii,
we also have to pay for our plane ticket.
Next is FOOD.
We all know that the food is a basic necessity.
But here in Hawaii, you need to choose whether your food is a necessity or luxury.
Luxury, If you are the type of person who always wanted to eat outside.
But If you prefer to eat at home, you're gonna save a lot.
But still, compare to some other states
It's still more expensive here.
Like for example, Milk for $6 per gallon, consider that on sale.
Bread is also expensive, because on the mainland, you can purchase a whole loaf for just $1.00
I can't believe it, but here, It's gonna be $3.00 - $4.00 a loaf.
There are also places here where you can buy cheap
which is the COSTCO, SAMS, and if you have a Military ID, NEX is here.
Now if you are working and not bringing your own lunch,
And you're always buying lunch outside, you're gonna spend around $10.00 to $15.00 a day.
Some things to consider,
yes, food it can be cheap
but If you don't have self-discipline, and you always prefer eating outside
It's still going to add up at the end of the month.
So that's the HOUSING, TRANSPORTATION, FOOD, but this doesn't end here.
Because right now, we are going to talk about the TAXES.
compare to the other states, the Taxes here are more higher.
And there's no way you can avoid it that's why you should be aware.
So If you're on the Middle Class or Average Income Person
On each paycheck that you're going to receive, 20%-30% of that will go straight to the Federal, State and other Taxes.
Aside from that, Hawaii also have a General Excise Tax
Which is basically a sales tax on all Goods and Services
Like for example, buying a bread, milk, riding an Uber, buying sunscreen
Basically every spend you make, there's a tax that you have to pay.
Part of that Tax will go to the Rail System that they are constructing now here in OAHU.
That's why sometimes I was thinking, some of the money that I'm gonna spend will go straight to that Rail Construction.
this doesn't include some of the other expenses like, Cellphone, Internet, Student Loans and etc.
Now let's talk about the average income here in Hawaii.
How much can you make if you will be working here in Hawaii.
A lot of people said, you're gonna make a lot of money if you work here,
but honestly, It's not that competitive compare to others.
But there are still high paying jobs out here.
You can still make more elsewhere.
Because I think, minimum wage is a very important issue not only here but all around the globe.
Right now, here in Hawaii, $10.10 is the minimum wage.
So If you can still remember the Studio Apartment that I mentioned earlier,
If you're gonna make $1400 minus the $1200 rent
The rest can go to your food,
but you also need to think about the car, and all other expenses like Cellphone, Internet, Student Loans and etc.
There's still a lot of Jobs out there that offers higher than a minimum wage.
But if we're only going to talk about the minimum wage,
And you're planning to use it as your foundation to start living here in Hawaii
I think it's going to be hard.
That's why a lot of people here are working 2 jobs
Because it's really hard to work 40 hours a week with just $10.10 per hour.
That is why it is very expensive to live here.
because it's true that sometimes it is nice to live somewhere else
But sometimes, we also need to be practical about it.
But there are still people out there who makes it work on that kind of situation.
Because I think
Because if we're only going to look on the basic economics of input and output
If you're gonna bring some savings, for sure you're gonna make it.
But if you look at the longer term of living here in Hawaii
You really need to have a good plan, because It's very hard here
If you're gonna think about the long term most specially when it comes to the Housing options here in Hawaii.
And that's a wrap on our discussion for today about how expensive it is to live here in Hawaii.
And if you enjoy this video, please don't forget to LIKE & SHARE
So other people who have questions about the cost of living here in Hawaii can also watch this video.
And to see the latest videos
Please don't forget to SUBSCRIBE, and hit the NOTIFICATION BELL.
And if you have any other questions, just COMMENT DOWN BELOW.
And before I end this video, SHOUT OUT to . . .
JAY ESCAMILLAS
SOFIA ANNE DEDOYCO
JEFFREY VALENCIA
MICHELLE ALVAREZ
And CHER BUENAVENTURA.
Again, thank you guys for watching.
And I'll see you guys on my next Vlog.
