so the Philippines now is the 40 first largest 
export economy in the entire world they have  
a GDP of $304 billion and his GDP per capital is at 
7.8000 now when we look at the top exports in  
the Philippines they have integrated circuits 
as their top export at 25% and then they have  
computers at 8.2% and wood carpentry sits at 
5.1%. For imports the Philippines is the 30th  
largest importer in the entire world and their top 
three Imports are integrated circuits at 12% cars  
at 4.9% and refined petroleum at 4.4%. Now for 
Indonesia's numbers: Indonesia is a 24th largest  
exporter in the world and its GDP is at 932 
billion dollars and... "it's more than
 the Philippines! yeah! but I don't know when he did this video but 
I think maybe it changed in the time both for
Philippines and Indonesia! yeah yeah ! 
The video was made five years ago so something has changed! yeah !"  The GDP per capital is $1.6 thousend
dollars. " tell us guys what has changed 
now in 2023 , the GDP of both countries and 
stuff like that and if there is another video,
that is new! yes!"  Indonesia's top exports are palm oil  
at 10%, coal brickets at 8.5% and petroleum gas at 
4.4% . Looking at the Imports now Indonesia sits at  
"they have gas? yes! I didn't know that!" 27th spot 
in terms of the largest importer in the world and  
their top Imports are refined petroleum at 7.5% 
crude petroleum at 5.1% and telephones are at  
2.7%.  Okay, so now let's look at the cost of living 
when we compare Indonesia and the Philippines
When comparing... "yeah! this is interesting because we don't know the living cost of the Philippines and  
Indonesia, we know that for tourist they are a cheap destination.
But I want to know the people living there"... The cost of living in the Philippines compared to Indonesia  
we see that food in the Philippines is 19% less, 
housing is 6% more, clothing is 4% more expensive,
transportation is 5% more expensive, personal care 
is 25% higher and entertainment is at less than  
4%... so when we look... "so food and entertainment are less expensive than Indonesia but housing,  
clothes, personal care, Transportation are more expensive"... the total in the Philippines is just 1% less expensive to  
live in than Indonesia so the cost of living in 
both... "so there is not that much difference it's  
just 1%.."  Philippines and Indonesia are pretty 
much the exact same. The national debt of the  
Philippines is at 75.3 billion dollars and its debt per 
citizen sits at 1, 1551.1... "wow! sorry I'm changing  
the topic but this place is beautiful, is amazing"
and Indonesia's national debt is at $282 billion  
and Indonesia's debt per citizen is $997. So guys 
that does it for this episode let me know down  
below in the comment section which country do you 
think is better Indonesia or the Philippines?!
I want to answer to his question, he asked: who do 
you think is a better country between Philippine  
and Indonesia ? based on this video the cost of 
living is basically the same, the scenery is..  
I think the both country has a beautiful scenery, they 
are both islands and actually I don't like to  
compare two countries because I think you 
can learn from each country something new
For example we are half Moroccan and half  Italian because we
have Italian citizens and we grow up here 
in Italy.. So when I go to Morocco in vacation  
in a holiday, I like a lot of things that there are in Morocco but  
there aren't in Italy! yeah! and when I go back to Italy, there are some things that  
there aren't in Morocco so there is 
no reason to compare two countries... returning  
to Indonesia and the Philippines, I think they are 
both good, they have both good scenaries...
I like them both! yeah! I would like to travel to the Philippines and also to Indonesia  
and Malaysia! yeah yeah! thank you for watching our 
video and see you in the next video... goodbye !
