Hey everybody this is Randy Santel
"Atlas" I just got my very first win in
the Philippines as I just beat their
Tombstone Burger Challenge which was
delicious and had eight burger patties
on it. I am still at Zark's Burgers, at
their original location in central
Manila of the Philippine. This time I'm
taking on their Jawbreaker Challenge.
Now this Jawbreaker Challenge, it's got
three burger patties along with two
slices of spam, and then some bacon along
with cheese, and again we have 400 grams of fries. We've got five minutes and for
this challenge, I am not alone. Over here
is my friend Joice. Her and our friend Jim
are actually taking care of us the whole
time that we're here in the Philippines
in Manila and she's been wanting to do a
food challenge, so we are each going to
try to finish our Jawbreaker Burger
Challenges in just five short minutes. If
we fail the burger meals are going to be
369 Philippine pesos which is around 7
American dollars, but if we win we're
gonna get our meals free, no sweet
t-shirt but we will get our photos up on
the wall of fame. Are you ready? Yes!
Alright, let's get this challenge started! (clapping)
I was not even close to beating the
record of two minutes and ten seconds on
that Tombstone Burger. Our friend Rix
who has the record for that one also has
the record for this. He did it in 1
minute and 40 seconds so I'm gonna try
to beat that, but we've got five minutes,
we'll do it. Are you ready?
Yes! Alright she's going for her first food
challenge win she's ready to eat!
1, 2, 3. . .Boom! Alright now with this one, it has bacon and spam.
it'll be great!
Not even close!
Three minutes to eat all these fries!
Can they rush me a soda real quick, Coke?
Less than a minute!
The five minutes just ran out. Joice still
has quite a bit left, but
what you think of it?
Oh yeah,
yeah she said it's difficult. Very very
good try to Joice. Thank you for taking the challenge with me!!
I'm the very first person to finish both challenges
back-to-back so that is a cool feat. Big
THANK YOU to Zark's Burgers for the
delicious Jawbreaker Challenge. I really
liked the spam and the bacon on there
great additions, and the sweet tea they
serve here is awesome too. Thank you
guys all for watching, and thank you guys for watching too!
