John requested a rice pudding so will cook a rice pudding
even though I did cook rice pudding for like  2 weeks ago
but I did not vlog. Today is the time, I will show you how to make a rice pudding(uk rice pudding style)
The ingredients will short grain pudding rice, evaporated milk(optional), water, and semi-skimmed mild
The procedure in making rice pudding I don't have measurement as I am not a pro.
You can do whatever you like but I held no responsible for your rice pudding lol!
Making rice pudding today is perfect for the weather cuz It's like raining for like 3 consecutive days.
It's just never ending rain. It's not pouring rain it's just drizzle and so it just stay wet, horrible and windy.
Well that's the UK's weather!
And of course additional will use an oven dish proof  cuz will do it in oven and plus you need a white sugar
I will use like..this is half so I will use like 3/4 of this. I will not use al of this cuz it's too much
Here it is. Will rinse and add water to the rice from your tap water
Plenty of water in there and as you can see the rice is in there as well
And earlier I did preheat the oven at 180....
I forgot what is the  setting  temperature of this oven. Will ask John later.
I'm not sure weather is Fahrenheit or degree celsius. I don't know.
The rice is like 80% cook. I did put a milk earlier and forgot to vlog lol so will add more the semi- skimmed milk
and will put this back in the oven
The water that we add earlier is purely to cook the rice,
you can cook the rice with semi-skimmed milk if you prefer but I prefer to cook it with water first
cuz I think if I use milk I think I use the whole gallon
The milk is now hot so time to add some sugar just a bit
Just a bit cuz will use an evaporated milk. The rice is not completely cook but almost there
Finally the rice is completely cook will add the evaporated milk. There you are! Look delicious!
And put it in the oven once more
Here's the finish product of our rice pudding! Drum roll!!Yes! I look so delicious look at that
John will love the top cuz he like with bit burnt on top
but I prefer no burnt on top but let's put John's request first!
I hope he will like it!
John:I am having a moment on tv! A moment on tv? How about a moment with your wife?! It's a Christmas love song. Come on!
John: I'm not sticking my finger in it! No, don't stick your finger! You will love this cuz there is brunt on top on the rice pudding
See...so you did not put any cinnamon on top? No, we don't have cinnamon
John:You stick your finger in it then and try it!!
No, you stick your finger! You always stick your finger on something you are!
Don't say that! I don't do that!
Look that my little spoon you see?
More!!!
Is it good?
Hmmm... very good
What do you think? Not too sweet just nice. Is it good. Yes(hmm)
Is it ten?
Is it what ten? Yeah. Yeah I give you ten. Ten only???
Boom !!
If you have notice I don't have an intro to my video cuz I have clip but it say file missing so it's not playing so it's corrupted
but anyway mga palangga(my love) after we ate our rice pudding we have a call from his mother. She's saying that her heater is not working
And lucking John did manage to fix it
So that's why if you notice I have my mascara and eyeliner on because we have to go to her house. I did manage to get ready like in no time!
I feel like if I have mascara and eyeliner on I feel beautiful lol...feeling...feeling beautiful but let me be!
but that was it!
Let go back about the rice pudding. I feel like their rice pudding is like with no disrespect
I feel like the rice pudding here is like "lugaw" in the Philippines! But it taste good
It just unusual how they cook the rice pudding ..they cook it with class lol!!
