We can now make a table to present it in a
better way.
All borders.
If you do not want lines here, you can chose
no border.
Then, we can again chose "All borders" for them. Same goes here. "All borders" for them.
If you do not border here, we can either select
no border or can use format painter.
Ok, we are ready with the table.
Outside, we can make a thick box border.
So, it will look nicer.
All the names, we can put in one color.
Just to show them nicely.
All the months, we can put in different color.
Grand total, we can put in another color.
Ok, Let's move on to the lesson how to insert
a chart to show or present it to management
team or somebody else.
We need to select the whole table, except
the total.
We do not need to select the total.
We can select the data in the table for the
chart.
If we know the chart type, we can directly
insert from here or if we want to search for
more chart type, we can go around here (up
and down).
For the simplicity sake, I will just select
the chart type "column".
Here, we goes.
Our chart is ready.
We can see one extra color, which has no employee
name.
That is coming because we selected one extra
row, which is empty.
How to correct that error is that we can just
pull down the range, it will automatically
correct it.
We want to increase the size of our chart,
we can hold it and increase or decrease.
It is up to us, how we want to present it
to management or somebody else. On horizontal axis, we have months.
This is called horizontal axis, we have January,
February, March, April and May on it.
On vertical axis, we have the amount they
spent in Indian rupees here. Indian rupees (a currency) is only for an example.
So, how to read the chart.
In January, A spends 50.
January, A is in blue color, showing 50.
Now, we need to check if these 2 are co-relating
each other or not.
The table and chart should co-relate.
If we change anything in the table, chart
should get updated also.
Let's see an example, if we change amount
spent by C in March from 55 to 35.
We should be seeing here change in March and
size of the green bar should reduce.
Ok, we click it as 35, it will reduce.
We will do one more random check, In C or
let's go to the D. If D spends 100 Indian
rupees in May.
This should go up to here.
Let's check whether it is correct or not.
Yes, it is correct.
So, D now became 100 in the month of May.
So, we have chart ready and this is responding
to the table.
For other lessons, please check my other videos.
Please do not forget to like and subscribe.
SYLEWO - Share Your Life Experience With Others
!
Please like and subscribe to our channel and
press the bell button to get all of our notifications.
Thank you.
