It's a joint project between 
HelpAge International and the  
International Policy Centre for Inclusive Growth. 
My name is Daniel Horn, I'm Economic Advisor for  
Social Protection at HelpAge International based 
in London and together with the International  
Policy Centre, we've worked together in 
our previous webinars and the current one,  
experts and stakeholders from a range of 
backgrounds especially work on France. On the  
current concern on the amount of money that goes 
not just at the distribution of social protection  
and the services and benefits but also finding 
the resources to ensure that the commitments to  
social protection for all in the spirit of leaving 
no one behind is backed by reliable and dogmatic  
financing policies. I'd like to introduce our 
panellists today, Dr. Jeremy Seekings from Cape  
Town University who is the Interim Director of 
the Institute of Democracy, Citizenship and Public  
Policy in Africa. Jeremy is also a Professor of 
Political Studies and Sociology and a visiting  
Professor at Yale. His books include Class, Race 
and Inequality in South Africa, Growing Up in the  
New South Africa, Childhood and Adolescence in 
Post-Apartheid Cape Town and Poverty, Policy and  
Politics in South Africa. He runs the research 
programme on the Politics of Welfare Reforms in  
Contemporary Africa and is also researching the 
History of Welfare-State Building in Africa and  
the Caribbean since the 1930s. Our second 
panellists, Ms. Aura Sevilla from COSE in the  
Philippines, the Coalition for the Services for 
the Elderly is a Project Coordinator and a Civil  
Society organisation working for and for the goal 
of providing sustainable and adequate benefits  
for all the persons in the Philippines and she 
works on addressing the country's means-testing  
social pension programme gathering evidence 
and advocating for change with the government,  
she also networks and capacity builds for older 
people to affect institutional change. Now a  
few housekeeping rules before we go forward, we 
welcome questions from the audience, so there'll  
be two rounds of questions. The first round we’ll 
be selecting participants to ask their questions  
directly to the panellists, so if you could send 
us your messages, sorry your questions in the  
message box in the App we can find those and ask 
you personally whether or not you'd be willing  
to ask those questions online. The second round 
of questions will be given how much time we have  
left, it will be asked by myself to the panellists 
and again if you could address each panellist you  
would like to ask your question, we can make sure 
those get through. Don't be afraid if you have  
questions, no matter how big or how small, we will 
be putting those online and the panellists would  
be addressing those so you will get answers to 
those questions. I'd like to turn discussion now  
over to Jeremy and his presentation, I mean can 
you, the panellist. Hello Daniel, hello everybody  
else, can you hear me? Yes, I can hear you fine 
Jeremy I think everyone else can as well. Okay,  
excellent should I turn on my camera as 
well or are we going to not [inaudible].  
We can try with the camera, whichever you 
prefer. Should I start? Yes, yes please.  
Let’s try that. Hello, so if everybody can hear 
me, you have to stop me if you can’t hear me. I  
want to spend the next 20 minutes thinking about 
the nature of the politics of affordability,  
we all know there’s a lot of discussion 
of affordability in the Social Protection  
debates. I want to interrogate what it means 
can we go to the next slide please. I want to  
explore what I’m calling the affordability gap 
and the affordability gap is the gap between  
what international agencies and experts 
and often advocates in civil society,  
what they recommend on the one hand and what 
national governments agreed to on the other,  
so this gap is a pretty large gap, all over Africa 
which is part of the globe where I do my work,  
international agencies of all sorts recommend 
individual cash bonds for programmes, that cost  
1% or more GDP and in total costing [inaudible] 
percent. Governments in Africa have been very  
reluctant to introduce reforms that cost anywhere 
near that much, in fact, if we look at individual  
reforms, in a variety of African countries it’s 
very rare for national governments to approve of  
a reform that costs much more or cost more than 
0.4 or 0.5% of GDP each. So, in other words there  
seems to be an affordability gap between what 
the international agencies [inaudible] I want to  
say and what national governments in Africa 
are prepared to accept. What I want to do  
this afternoon, afternoon here in Cape Town is to 
examine very, very quickly three cases of reform  
in Africa in Zambia, Botswana and Zanzibar, if we 
could move on to the next slide please. I want to  
suggest that affordability is not just a fiscal 
issue it's really also a profound political issue  
of course and a normative issue and we need to 
recognise these dimensions. So, I'm going to be  
talking about research that we've been doing in 
a sector of African countries, next slide please.  
The three cases I'll be talking about are Botswana 
and Zambia in Southern Africa and the island of  
Zanzibar off the East African coast, Zanzibar is 
part of Tanzania. It's a semi-autonomous territory  
within the United Republic of Tanzania, so 
these are three different territories in  
East and Southern Africa and well we have some 
pictures here on the top left you have Victoria  
Falls in Zambia, top right we have Old Town in 
Zanzibar and you can see Zanzibar is an island  
there's lots of sea and at the bottom left we have 
Botswana and this is a picture of a town called  
Mochudi and Mochudi is like many towns in Botswana 
in the middle of a very, dry, arid environment.  
So, we‘ve got three quite different environments 
in important respects, next slide please. Now,  
I want to start off by just thinking about what 
international agencies tells us, so for the last  
really 11 years, 12 years international agencies 
have been doing a lot of work on affordability  
and the work really involves looking at costs on 
the one hand and revenues on the other. Cost is  
where most of the work has been that beginning 
really in about 2005, the World Bank, the ILO,  
UNICEF did major costing studies in different 
countries [inaudible] between many individual  
country case studies and typically these costing 
studies, cost programmes and of course depending  
on the design of the programme, the cost will go 
up and down, a universal programme will generally  
cost more than a targeted programme, programme 
with severe age restrictions, for example,  
a high retirement age pension will cost less 
than a one with lower retirement age or more  
easy-going age restrictions and benefit from the 
[unintelligible]. So, depending on how one varies  
those characteristics of a programme of course 
the cost of a programme and the cost of a set  
of programmes will vary enormously. But also, 
more recently international agencies have done  
much, a lot of work on fiscal space, meaning the 
revenue side of the equation, what revenues are  
available and what revenues could be raised 
even in countries which don’t have extensive  
tax revenues at the moment and the conclusion 
which international agencies and experts almost  
always come to is that safety nets are affordable, 
that social protection programmes are affordable  
through a variety of constituencies and 
the World Bank buys into that assessment,  
ILO more strongly, UNICEF obviously very strongly 
with respect to children, agencies like HelpAge  
International NGO of course making that point 
with respect to the elderly with pensions,  
next slide please. If we take an example of 
this, the example that will be coming up in  
a moment is Zambia and Zambia is that country 
where the ILO did a lot of costing studies in  
the 2000s and in 2008 they did a study with costs 
in different programmes, costing them more or  
less 2% of GDP in total and then later they did a 
study of fiscal space in 2011 which concluded that  
increased taxes, et cetera, et cetera would 
easily be able to generate the revenues that in  
this case 3-2, 3 or more percent of the overall 
GDP to make possible a full social protection  
programme and in this analysis, it could almost 
all be domestically funded, donor-funding,  
foreign aid would only be necessary at the very 
beginning of the process, next slide please. The  
problem of course, one of the first problem with 
these kind of assessments is that they are often  
done independently of assessments of other claims 
and government budgets, so you may be familiar  
with very certain paperwork Hagen-Zanker and 
McCord from 2010 where they looked at the various  
spending commitments that African governments had 
signed up to and they costed them, so for example,  
in 2008 African governments notionally signed up 
to target of spending 4.5% of the GDP on social  
protection, none of them actually do that but they 
said that they would work towards that. But they  
also signed up for commitments with respect to 
health, education, water, sanitation, agriculture  
and infrastructure and what Hagen-Zanker 
and McCord did [inaudible] if you achieve  
all the cost together, the total cost and you 
[inaudible] you can exceed the total government  
revenue in 4 or 5 cases [inaudible]. So, the 
vast [inaudible] concern about affordability  
of course is that [inaudible] of social protection 
is all the money that isn’t available to spend  
on other [inaudible]. And I think this is a 
[inaudible] so, the thing is this is an issue,  
it’s not actually the issue that I want 
to focus on primarily. I really want to  
focus on how going through the community, 
think through the additional affordability,  
more tactics [inaudible]. Where there is a 
real possibility or option of an effective new  
programme, so for the next [inaudible]. Zambia 
and the next slide that comes up, shows the  
differences in these countries [inaudible] that 
would be [inaudible] that keep the [inaudible]  
but. Jeremy, sorry to interrupt you, we’re 
just having a hard time with the bandwidth,  
perhaps it might be better without your video so 
that we can hear your voice, sorry to interrupt  
you. Okay, how much have you not heard? Maybe 
about one minute, not too much, thanks good.  
Okay my video is now off, so just, Daniel if you 
can’t hear me, please do say so. So, Jeremy we  
can hear you slightly I think it’s better. Okay, 
so this slide shows that Botswana [inaudible] and  
introduced old age pensions more or 
less in the middle of this or in this  
period of growth, but they’ve just being very 
reluctant to form [inaudible] in low-income  
countries, in fact this [inaudible] was dependent. 
Zanzibar introduced last year the greatest  
[inaudible], I’m worried you’ve lost me totally 
now. in total income. Okay Daniel. Daniel. Yes, we  
can still hear you Jeremy but it is a bit patchy 
on the connection so you might want to go slightly  
slower so that we can catch the words I think the 
audience might agree. Okay, so Botswana the first  
case we’re looking at, it was the first country in 
Africa to introduce pensions after South Africa,  
Namibia and Mauritius, it did so in 1996 after 
a period of debate, pensions, universal but the  
benefit was set at a very low level compared to 
South Africa. The important point at every side  
here is the initial cost of this programme was 
about 0.5% of GDP. The Botswana Government could  
have designed the programme so they would cost 
much much more along the lines of the pension  
programming in neighbouring South Africa which 
costs more than 1% of GDP. I’m going to say a  
little bit in a moment about how it came about 
and how it grew out of other programmes. Zanzibar  
which introduced their Universal pension 
last year in 2016, began to pay it in 2016,  
Zanzibar a very different process, in the case 
of Zanzibar pensions were proposed initially  
by international agencies, the ILO, HelpAge 
International after a period of deliberation,  
the government chose in 2014 that pensions would 
be introduced 2014-2015, will be introduced with  
quiet modest benefits, quite a high age threshold 
and the total cost would be only 0.4% of GDP,  
so we see here, here are two cases of countries 
very different political processes which in both  
cases, the National government opt for 
programmes costing about 0.4-0.5% of GDP  
and they reject proposals for more expensive 
versions of the same programme. Can we move on to  
the next slide please, then with the next three 
slides I’ll move through them quite fast. So,  
in the case of Botswana the old-age pensions grew 
out of a whole set of programmes concerned with  
drought relief and these were initially funded 
by outside agencies especially the World Food  
Programme and gradually the government opt toward 
more responsibility, next slide please. These  
were quite expensive programmes, but they were 
initially really seen as emergency programmes. In  
the mid-1990s what happened is that the government 
of a foreigner [inaudible] took responsibility for  
these programmes because external agencies were 
withdrawing so it took responsibility for feeding  
schemes in schools, it also took responsibility 
for a section of the population who were always  
destitute, always in need whether there was 
a drought or not [inaudible] the elderly. So,  
pensions were introduced, next slide please. 
Subsequent to this, over the last 15 years,  
the Government of Botswana has actually worried 
that maybe it overreached itself, but it did ran  
into a bit of a fiscal crisis in the end of the 
1990s and early 2000s and since then has only  
gone for a very small, very inexpensive reforms 
and has projected a series of more expensive  
proposals. So, here’s a case of a country which 
went for a middle expenditure option if you like,  
a programme costing half percentage of 
the GDP but was really worried especially  
afterwards that maybe this was a more expensive 
programme than it could afford, next slide please.  
In the case of Zanzibar, we can see that Zanzibar 
is a much, much lower GDP per capita country,  
territory and here this is a country, a territory, 
a government which does not have anywhere near the  
same resources as in Botswana. Here, pensions were 
the first major programme introduced, there wasn’t  
a pre-history of welfare programmes as there was 
in Botswana because of drought. This was the only  
one and as I said when they introduced it, again 
they rejected expensive versions of the programme,  
they went for what was the cheapest version of the 
programme which will only cost 0.4-0.5% of GDP,  
next slide please. If we think about the politics 
of this or what we might call the political  
dimension of affordability or even political 
affordability we can see that there are some  
similarities between the cases of Botswana in the 
1990s and Zanzibar in the 2010s. In both cases,  
there was some pressure from Civil Society, 
there wasn’t in fact very much pressure from  
outside in the case of Botswana but there 
was a lot of case pressure from outside  
in the case of Zanzibar, but in both cases, 
there was an important impetus to reform,  
reform the political system, reform multi-party 
competition. These were both cases in which the  
government parties really wanted to show up 
this [unintelligible] in the face of bilateral  
challenges and this was really an absolutely 
crucial factor. In Botswana in the mid-1990s  
the diagnosis about fiscal conditions was very 
positive, Botswana Government thought it had a lot  
more money than it did, subsequently when there 
was a bit of a fiscal crisis Botswana Government  
began to back-track on expanding its welfare 
system. So, very different in some way similar  
conditions, in other ways different conditions but 
in both cases a reform coalition came together but  
around a much cheaper version of the reform 
than had been advocated by strong advocates,  
can we go on to the next slide and then almost 
immediately the slide after please on Zambia.  
If we look at the case of Zambia, Zambia was 
a case of where despite considerable lobbying  
from external agencies, from international 
agencies, the government has been very reluctant  
to introduce expensive reforms and in the case of 
Botswana, in the case of Zambia, I’m sorry, the  
programmes that have been introduced are really 
very modest costing only about 0.2% of GDP,  
the government has prioritised other [inaudible] 
especially infrastructure over cash transfers. So,  
this is the case of where the government was not 
even willing to go to the kind of spending level,  
part of the GDP that the government of Botswana 
and Zanzibar did under other circumstances. In  
Zambia there's no old age pension, yet 
it's still a very embryonic, it's still  
on that drawing board and there isn't a strong 
momentum behind it, so next slide please. And  
I think I'm actually going to make this my 
last slide and I'll talk to it and then I'll  
conclude. If we look at this process in general in 
African countries, what do we see? Well we see a  
process which generally begins with international 
agencies, custom reforms and advocating reforms  
that cost quite a lot, then we have buy-in 
from some government officials but we have  
considerable scepticism from other government 
officials now this can lead to reforms,  
generally leads to reforms when fiscal conditions 
are conducive when government has or expects to  
have good revenues, when the politics within the 
state is conducive and when there is pressure  
from electoral competition on government to 
introduce reforms, but there are important  
breaks and the one very, very important break 
is that by and large political elites in most  
parts of Africa are very very, suspicious of 
cash transfers, you know whether they are seen  
as fiscally affordable or not, they are not seen 
generally as being the most pressing priority for  
national governments. There is a strong scepticism 
especially about giving cash transfers which  
might support people of working age who might be 
encouraged to become dependent. There is a really  
big concern about dependency, so as a result there 
is a gap between the expensive proposals advocated  
by international agencies and inexpensive outcomes 
which generally result in the [inaudible] even in  
those cases where there are substantial reforms 
as in Botswana or Zanzibar, the cost is generally  
kept down to a low level, far, far below what 
international agencies consider to be affordable  
and in other cases, such as Zambia, the 
opposition is such that in fact they don't  
even get that far that the spending commitments 
are even more modest, are just 0.1-0.2% GDP. So,  
my conclusion from this before we move on to hear 
about the Philippines is that this gap lite that  
I'm talking about, the affordability gap it's 
not just a technical fiscal issue, it's also  
a normative and a political issue and we have to 
really understand that because it's the importance  
of thinking what kinds of political processes help 
to build a reformist coalition. But in general,  
in the African cases pensions tend to be easier 
to achieve than other forms of social protection  
programmes. Pensions seem to be slightly easier 
than others but in any of these programmes the  
lesson from African cases is that real reforms, 
generally occur on an incremental basis, in other  
words expensive reforms just don't happen. If 
you have a bold ambition, you have to figure out  
how you're going to package that as a series of 
appealing small steps rather than as a big step,  
so the government might be persuaded to spend 
intermediate amounts, 0.5% of GDP but you’re not  
going to persuade governments to spend 1% of GDP. 
So, if you've got bold ambitions start modestly  
and then try and expand them, don't think that 
it's going to be easy to jump in the deep end,  
thank you very much. Thank you Jeremy, great 
presentation I really appreciate you working  
with us through the technical difficulties and if 
we can just move on to Ms. Sevilla's presentation  
and again while we're setting that up, if you have 
any questions you'd like to ask the panellists  
directly, please just let us know and we'll 
forward that to them so that they can answer you  
online and now I turn over to Ms. Sevilla, Aura 
thank you very much for joining us. Thank you so  
much Dr. Daniel, good evening everyone, again I'm 
Aura from Coalition of Services of the Elderly,  
so the work, what is being discussed with Mr. 
Seekings is very similar to the experience of the  
Philippines but I won't deal much on the issues of 
affordability gap, but given the work, the actual  
experience that our organisation have done, I'm 
advocating for fiscal space for social pension,  
so this is particularly on how we have built the 
capacities of older persons, including pushing for  
reforms of social pension, so next slide please. 
Next slide please, yeah so you can see my outline,  
background of the social pension and gaps, 
successes and key lessons learnt, next slide  
please. So basically, just to give you an overview 
how the social pension started in the Philippines,  
the COSE started in 2002 so we learned about 
social pension through HelpAge International,  
we attended a course at South Africa as well 
learning about the models of social pension. So,  
in 2005, we conducted a research to analyse the 
situation of older persons in the Philippines,  
so we asked them what is poverty what is 
making them [inaudible] and what's the  
issue of income security in particular. So, in 
2007 we draft a social pension bill and then  
this was filed during the international day of 
older persons, so it was an opportunity it's  
international day of older persons when we filed 
this one and then this was initially rejected  
in the House of Representatives, so 
there's two chambers in the Philippines  
[inaudible] we have the lower house and 
we have the upper house. So, in the lower  
house it was rejected but the version of 
the deal was still in the Senate version,  
so it came also part of the deliberation in 
2010. So, in 2010 it was passed, but it was  
passed in the Senate and then February 2010 it was 
signed by the president, next slide please. Okay,  
so our main partner for all this that has happened 
is Consideration of Older Persons Association of  
the Philippines, so next slide please. COPAP as 
we call them here is a grassroots organisation  
organised by COSE starting 1989 so we started 
organising them and they became a confederation  
in 2006 and most of the members of COPAP came 
from low-income groups because the government  
also has the other group which is really 
coming from the retirees’ group, so they are  
the ones that are what we call more of a top -down 
organised by the government, so next slide please.  
Next slide please, just to show you a picture 
of how COPAP is, COPAP started at the village  
level so they are organised based on the issues if 
they have common issues and then they were being  
organised, usually in the [unintelligible] they 
have only 50 to 60 members and then they become  
a federation at city or municipal level because 
we have to deal with the city levels and then  
they became a confederation who was dealing with 
the issues at the regional and the national level,  
so at the moment, COPAP has 14 federations, 
so they have 6 zones or a total of 129 OPAs  
or Older People Associations. They have a member 
[inaudible] of 9756 as [inaudible], so next slide  
please. Okay, so what happened is that during 
the lobbying, the first request or the demand of  
the older people is to have a pension of 1500, 
so but during the deliberation of course the  
common questions like these cannot be afforded by 
the government. So, one of the senator approached  
the COPAP and said to get your foot at the door 
we have to start at 500 pesos which is just $11  
and then we will review the law every few years so 
COPAP agreed that yes we agree with 500 provided  
that this would be reviewed every few years. 
So, one of the questions during term hearing  
as well as the usual, that where to get the money 
and so one of the persons said during the hearing  
that they showed the experience of Bangladesh 
who also have the same economic development  
as the Philippines who has a pension for the 
poor and how can Philippines have a pension for  
its older persons. So, another argument that 
they use is that the older persons have been  
contributing already through the pockets of the 
government, so it should be that the government  
should pay back all this and the hard work of 
older persons, that they have contributed to  
the progress of the government for more than 60 
years. So, and then we also have this list of  
where the money should come from which is also 
coming from our research, so next slide please.  
However, February 14th the President don't want 
to sign the bill because primarily the Ministry  
of Finance proposed that there is no money for 
this so they always said that there's no money, no  
fiscal space we cannot do this, so what COPAP did 
is they went to the [unintelligible], they went  
to the President and then mobilised there as early 
as five in the morning and then [inaudible] so the  
day after, February 15th so the lower signed, next 
slide please. So, the lower signed on February  
15th in 2010 so this was mainly because of the 
mobilisation that happened, next slide please.  
The COPAP in the [unintelligible], so next slide 
please. So, social pension provides now 500 pesos  
per month for most senior citizens identified 
as indigent, so next slide please. Indigent  
is referred or identified as frail, sickly, with 
disability, without pension, permanent source of  
income, compensation or financial assistance from 
his or her relatives to support her needs. So,  
as you can see the definition itself is also 
quite subjective, that’s also making targeting  
so difficult, so next slide please. So, in 2011, 
next slide, the social pension was implemented  
but with budget limitation so they passed it 
but the problem is again given it’s in the  
law the Department of Finance and the Budget and 
Management said no we do not have money for this  
but during this time, next image please. During 
this time, the target that time is 1 million but  
the only cover by the money provided is only 77 
years old and above, so even they have already  
targeted the money still is not enough because the 
law says that they should give it to 60 years old  
and above so what we did is that next slide. 
So, what you can see here is really a gross  
violation of the rights of older persons that 
even it’s in the law, even if there’s a provision,  
they still have not followed or implement the 
law as it is, as it’s written. So in 2013, we  
started to do a budget engagement, so we have not 
done this until this year so this the first time  
that we did it, so there’s a group that’s called 
Social Watch Philippines so what Social Watch is  
doing is that they provide an Alternative Budget 
Initiative so we push that the money should be,  
that the people should be the one, the 
one who should design what programmes  
that they would want, they should be the ones who 
should decide for which programmes the government  
should prioritise to, so that’s what Social 
Watch is doing so and also this is a network  
of [unintelligible] or what’s been demanding 
for budget allocation to specific programmes,  
so we started to join that group in 2013 and 
then we also increased the older persons policy  
influencing skills so we train them to cover 
[inaudible] on budget processes when the budget  
happens, who prepares it, who are the ones who 
need, who are the ones to call, where to get the  
data and then we also train them how to write 
position paper and also stakeholders mapping.  
So it’s basically increasing more on their skills 
on how to deal with government and then lastly,  
we also participated in budget hearings so even 
how late it is, even if it’s 10:00pm or late,  
we join the Congress hearings and the Senate 
hearings during the deliberations of the budget  
to make sure that the budget allocation for older 
persons are intact in that budget time so what we  
also did is we met with several congressmen ahead 
and also during the lobbying, during the coffee  
break, we keep and keep on talking to congressmen 
so and then we just give them one page position  
paper so that before or prior to budget 
hearing they would deliver or position. So,  
that’s mainly what we did, it's more of a lip 
service so we keep on talking to our champions or  
to those who we think, primarily also law makers 
who are quite older who might sympathise as well  
with older persons, next slide please. So, since 
the start of our engagement you can really see  
the drastic increase of social pension budget, so 
it used to, the budget used to only cover 139,000  
older persons. So, in the increase in 2012 to 186, 
it barely increased that time so then in 2013,  
slight increase and then this is the start when we 
started to engage through the budget engagement,  
so in 2014 it doubled and then we didn’t 
stop there. In 2015, it also doubled and in  
2015 again we didn’t stop, we again wrote to the 
senators and tell them that the budget is still  
not enough to cover what you have promised to 60 
years old, so in 2016 it doubled to 1.4 million  
recipients and we still didn’t stop there, we said 
that there’s still more older persons who do not  
receive the social pension, so we keep on writing 
and writing senators and Congress to provide  
budget for this. So, fortunately in 2017, for a 
[inaudible] period it also doubled, so next slide  
please. So, for this year we will have 2.8 million 
social pensioners, imagine from 130,000 in 2011,  
this is now the number of pensioners that 
will benefit from social pension in 2017,  
so next slide please. Next slide, okay 17.9 
billion from 870 million in 2011, so just to give  
you a picture, 17.9 billion is 0.13% of our GDP 
and then the 870 million is just 0.01% of our GDP,  
so now it covers 33% of the older persons, the 
older population from very little percent in 2011  
and then this is also 19 times higher from the 
original budget, next slide please. So, however,  
even with expanding social pension, nearly 40% of 
senior citizens will be uncovered so we still see  
that there’s still a huge gap on this. So, SSS 
is the Social Security System, this is for the  
private employees, GSIS, is for the government 
and the other schemes, AFP, is for the military  
and then so you can see 17% is covered during 2016 
and now for 2017 it's additional 16% so but still  
you see a huge gap there of 38% that don't have 
any pension at all and then this 38% are also the  
ones who mainly came from the informal sector, 
or the missing middle whose incomes are too  
meagre to contribute to the social security, 
but also, they cannot fit in the criteria of  
social pension because as I shared to you a while 
ago indigent senior citizenship is very strict,  
very, very strict criteria so many of the people 
are also left behind by this. So, that's why,  
next image please, this scenario has brought COSE 
to push for a universal social pension, so in  
2015 we started this campaign for universal 
social pension. Aside from the coverage gap,  
we saw a lot of issues in the targeting of older 
persons, in the priority decisions, so that's why  
we thought at first universal social pension 
should be the best way to address the coverage  
gap and at the same time to address the targeting 
issues and also the financial space for this, next  
slide please. So, what we've done so far is that 
we conducted a feasibility study, COSE together  
with the support of HelpAge International, one of 
[inaudible] is not operating anymore and then we  
have recently completed a feasibility of universal 
social pension, so yeah it is a report that we've  
done for almost two years and then that covers 
all the rationale why we need to move towards  
universal. The report also includes how much 
it would cost and also the potential impacts,  
impacts of that, impact of the, you know so if 
we give everyone universal social pension. So,  
one of the particular thing that we did focus on 
in the report is also fiscal space, is that how  
much money are we talking to and then where the 
money should come from, it's always been that  
question that where we should get the money, even 
if we have a strong argument that there is enough,  
that there's enough reason why we have to move 
universally, we always tap in the question  
where we do you get the money. So, one of the 
advisors or one of the staff of the Senate that  
we've been in contact with is that we should a 
micro and macro simulation as well to our study  
to show that the money would not got to waste 
and it's not a cost but rather an investment to  
the government, so we did a micro simulation like 
how much of the poverty rate will reduce if you  
give everyone universal, what would happen to our 
economy and such. So, that's one thing that we've  
done and we will launch the report this February 
and then another thing that we learned is that we  
met with different government agencies, we did the 
bilateral meetings we met a couple of lawmakers as  
well on what they think about universal and 
what it's really about, do they think they  
will champion it and such. And finally, 
also we did a networking to a couple of  
networks on social protection because 
we always believe that universal is no  
longer a fight among older persons, but is 
should be every Filipino's fight because  
it's a pension that every Filipino can look 
forward to in old age, so next slide please.  
Okay, so what are the challenges so far that 
we are experiencing? Of course the lack of  
awareness among policymakers, they always think 
that universal social pension or social pension  
per se in the very beginning would be just a cost 
to the government, so they don't know what are the  
potentials of this in the economy and also in 
the welfare of older persons so it's always in  
like but one of our challenges is that another 
set of changing government regulation. In the  
previous administration one of the priorities of 
the previous administration is on agriculture and  
the economy but our new administration, now the 
priority is on [inaudible] and also [inaudible],  
so it's becoming more of the budget are going 
through the law so they have this standpoint,  
economic agenda that this is mainly about 
this role, so I'm an older person among the  
constituency that we work with, of course we don't 
believe that even if they have low educational  
level, they can still push or advocate. However, 
they have physical limitations, when we train an  
older person today, you will be surprised that the 
following week or the following years they will  
be weak and they can no longer participate in all 
this advocacy. And then all these older persons  
organisations because as I've mentioned there are 
groups of retirees and there are also groups of  
informal sectors which from the retirees' views, 
there have been [inaudible] that is provided by  
the government already, there have been increased 
pensions but only for the contributory pension.  
They don’t care very much about those who do not 
have purchasing capacity at all or the informal,  
sector so it's always a fight between different 
classes of older persons in the Philippines. And  
then lastly, it's the difference in receptivity 
between various ministries, so social welfare  
might be open for the increase, but Budget 
and Management and Department of Finance is  
not totally open about this one, so between them 
even they are in the same cabinet they are not in  
good terms and they are not also having the same 
view about this programme, next slide, please and  
these are the last three slides. So, just to wrap 
this up, okay so what are the key lessons learnt  
from all this well since we started advocating for 
social pension, what has been our learning so far,  
so one of the key learnings we see is that 
we really need to improve the rights of older  
persons, we should put them at the centre of our 
advocacy, they should be the one who should be  
talking to the Senators because they know what's 
really happening and then one key learning about  
this is also to spread the capacity building 
among many older persons, not just one because  
sometimes if it's just one, you need the secondary 
leaders, also third line leaders, also fourth line  
leaders so that the advocacy will continue. 
Another evidence-based advocacy, we need to  
strengthen our evidence test but in such a way 
that older people can understand because if they  
cannot understand this evidence test, it makes 
no sense. Next is networking, then strong legal  
basis although we cite ILO recommendations and 
SDGs commitments to tell you honestly during  
budget hearings they do not care about this 
international commitments, but more importantly  
what we push for is our domestic law, they will 
cite what’s domestic law is rather than what the  
ILO has been recommending or what the other UN 
has been recommending [inaudible], it's been  
always the domestic law that prevail. Last, is 
also a stakeholder analysis, what we're doing for  
stakeholder analysis is spending more time with 
those who are with neutral position because we  
know if we would waste our time talking to those 
who oppose it, so we just continue working with  
those in neutral positions that there's a tendency 
that their decision will be liberated. And lastly,  
intergenerational support because you need the 
support of younger people so that even the older  
persons are weak, the older persons, they have 
the younger ones, last slide and then for my last  
slide okay let me show you this case study, this 
is a woman from urban poor, she's 77 years old. It  
was so stunning about all this work is that it's 
not really, I think for me, it's not really about  
social pension in the Philippines that's really 
the highlight of this campaign of this advocacy  
so, but it's how also I think what older persons 
can be, or who they are today or who they want to  
be so you have a lot of older persons, like I said 
who have very low educational level who would say  
they would never thought someone like them would 
be able to speak to a Senator or Congressmen. So,  
I think it's one of the highlights of this 
constituency building is that it's not only  
you build support for your advocacy it's not only 
about increasing the pensions, making sure that  
pension for every older person but it's also what 
is happening to the constituency themselves so  
in that I think for us it's the greatest joy 
of this advocacy. So, I think Dr. Jeremy has  
covered a lot of the political side, so yes, it 
is very political as well in the Philippines so,  
but I hope you learn something from our 
experience and from my presentation.  
I think that's all. Thank you very much Aura, 
that was a great presentation and I think it shows  
quite clearly the depth of work that's needed 
on the ground, one of the things I thought was  
particularly interesting was bringing together of 
Jeremy's presentation from a comparative and more  
macro perspective to what's really working on the 
ground in your case in terms of getting out those  
supporters. I think often times it's difficult 
to see how those two are working together to get  
to the same end. We have a few questions from our 
audience, one is from [unintelligible] and excuse  
me if I'm not saying that correctly and then 
Paul who's based in Switzerland but who lives  
in Cameroon. So I'm going to let [unintelligible] 
go on first and let him ask his question and if  
you could just limit that to a few minutes, that 
would be great, just so we can all have some time  
for other questions to come on and I will just 
unmute you now [unintelligible] if you would like  
to come on now, I believe these are directed 
to both Ms. Sevilla and Dr. Seekings. Hello,  
Paul. Hello, hello to all, my question to Jeremy 
is how to choose the cost design according to the  
social characteristics if there is an issue, for 
example, demography of the population and how to  
fit the cost design [inaudible] it generates 
more, a greater social impact according to the  
social characteristics of the population that is 
being targeted. And my question to Ms. Aura, is if  
there is a age restriction in order to provide 
the social protection programmes or if there  
is any special focus on the type of work for the 
workers, urban workers if there is any difference  
in order to access the social protection 
programmes [inaudible], thank you. Thank  
you very much [inaudible], Jeremy if you want to 
proceed first and then Ms. Sevilla if you would  
like to go on second, Jeremy over to you. Thank 
you for that question, I'm afraid I only heard  
part of it but I think I understood it, some of 
the other questions coming in also around how to  
do you tailor the design taking into account the 
local conditions. I would, let me say two things,  
firstly, I think that quite a lot of the programme 
of action if you like, quite a lot of what you  
have to do would be true across all context. So, 
if we look at the experience of reform in Africa,  
you can see what's really, really important, the 
most important thing of all is that you get buy  
in from across government and having buy-in from 
the one ministry concerned with Social Welfare is  
generally not enough, it's very unusual for that 
to be enough. You have to buy-in from other more  
powerful actors in government so you need to, in 
general you need to get that broad political base  
within government and some of the things that are 
very effective our study tours, taking government  
officials to see countries where programmes work, 
seminars, bringing people from other countries in  
to talk about how they did it and so on. These are 
very effective but of course, there is variation  
between local conditions and there's at least two 
respects in which local conditions are very, very  
important and the first is what fiscal resources 
are there, how much, how scarce is money, if money  
is very scarce it's much harder. I talked about 
Botswana when Botswana introduced pensions, they  
thought there was lots of money, it was easier 
for them and then when there's more money then you  
don't have to have so much buy-in from government, 
when there's less money you really have to have  
the Department of Finance on your side, with the 
Department of Finance if they're not on your side,  
you've got a problem. So, how much money there 
is, is going to affect it. The other thing that is  
really important is our local norms and values, 
we don't actually pay enough attention to that,  
we think that if you say this programme 
reduces poverty and we say it's affordable,  
then governments would go yes, let's do it 
but our research suggests that governments,  
ministers, senior bureaucrats, senior officials in 
government departments, they have quite a strong  
sense of what is right and wrong and that affects 
their priorities, it affects what programmes  
they are going to be more sympathetic to or more 
positive about, now there is variation in Africa,  
in most of the places that we've looked at 
which is not West Africa, it's mostly East  
Africa and Southern Africa there is generally a 
scepticism about targeted programmes because most  
of Africa targeted programmes, meaning severely 
means-tested programmes, the kinds of programmes  
that the World Bank advocates are often deeply 
unpopular amongst national governments and even  
on the ground. People do not want to have only 
the very poorest neighbourhoods getting money,  
that's very unpopular so highly targeted 
programmes are generally not popular.  
Universal programmes seem to be generally speaking 
more popular. If there is a strong tradition  
or a strong norm of supporting elderly people and 
there's a recognition that families are no longer  
able to perform that role, then of course that is 
a very good circumstance, that's a good context  
for pushing for old age pensions and this was the 
situation in Zanzibar, for example where there was  
a long of tradition of state doing some things 
for the elderly but not very much because family  
would do it. Then, there's a recognition, family 
are able to do less and less and there was quite  
strong support for expanding its provision for the 
elderly through old-age pensions and they did so  
with universal pensions. So, it's very important I 
think to look at the norms and to think about how  
you will get a variety of government officials, a 
variety of government departments to buy into your  
programme. I actually don't think the demographics 
are so politically important. Thank you, Jeremy,  
Aura would you like to come in and comment 
on the questions from [unintelligible]. Just,  
to recap, okay go ahead. Yes, so I think the 
question is on eligibility requirements, right,  
so, one of the, yes the law says it's 60 years old 
because that's the legal age of senior citizens in  
the Philippines. I cannot speak of the other 
social protection programmes, but I can speak  
only on social pension, so it's 60 years old and 
above, but like I've mentioned there are a number  
of restrictions in terms of presence of illness 
and the disability and also sources of support  
from the family. So, if they know like you had a 
family that is supporting you or you have children  
working abroad, or you have a very good house that 
might be the reasons why you might be not included  
in the programme because all of this criteria 
that's been set in the law is very subjective,  
so it depends on the one that is validating, 
that's one of the gaps of the targeting older  
persons here so but I think in other social 
protection programmes of the government,  
we have the conditional cash transfer as well, 
so which is also a totally different programme  
than social pension, so I think that's all 
Daniel. Great, thanks for that answer Aura I  
hope that answered [unintelligible] question. 
We have another audience member, Paul, who would  
like to come in and ask his question, Paul could 
you go ahead and ask your questions to Professor  
Seekings and Ms. Sevilla. Hello. Hello. Yeah, can 
you hear me please. Hello. We can hear you good,  
thanks. Oh, thanks very much, thanks very much 
for the opportunity. I have two questions for Dr.  
Jeremy, the first is looking at the affordability 
gaps, what are some of the strategies or policy  
options that government could employ to dilute the 
need for cash transfers and the second question is  
what is the difference or similarity between the 
fiscal space and the affordability gap, thanks  
very much. Thank you, Paul, thank you for that. 
Jeremy I believe those two questions are directed  
to you, if you'd like to take those. Thank you 
Daniel, thank you Paul for those questions. So,  
in Africa as you probably know, I'm not sure 
where you're from Paul, but of course most of  
Africa governments instinctively prefer to invest 
in developmental programmes rather than cash  
transfer programmes if they see the cash transfer 
programmes as simply temporarily reducing poverty  
in other words they want to expand production, 
they want to have more food, they want to have  
more resources in the economy as a whole and 
they're more concerned with growth and production  
than they are with distribution if you like. So, 
there's obviously many programmes which are going  
to help and Africa's got a lot of experience in 
agricultural programmes with smallholder farmers  
and so on, particularly in Southern Africa, 
programmes to try encourage small farmers to  
grow ever more through subsidising inputs, farm 
inputs like fertilisers and seeds and so on. These  
are important programmes but of course there's two 
sets of limits to these programmes, this first is  
often they are investments and they help in 
the future not in the present and I mean it  
doesn't help to reduce poverty amongst the 
most impoverished sections of the population.  
Now, so there's a question of now versus later and 
secondly that those programmes don't always reach  
the people who are most needy so in many parts of 
Southern and East Africa, the very poor are people  
who don't actually have a productive capacity, 
in other words they don't have working age,  
adult members of the household who can go and farm 
on the land, they are often the poorest households  
who often comprise the elderly or the elderly 
with children, or grandchildren, I mean small  
children or the only adults might be a mother who 
is caring for her children and or elderly parents  
and simply doesn't have the time to be a full time 
peasant farmer at the same time, so there is two  
limits to agricultural development programmes, 
you know that we need to reduce poverty now and  
we need to reduce poverty amongst households that 
are not necessarily able to expand production  
and this is where cash transfers come in. And I 
think this is really where cash transfers catch  
the attention of government officials, when 
it becomes clear to government officials or  
what they're doing is helping people who for whom 
there's often no other option and helping people  
who we accept, we generally accept society has 
some responsibility for, for example the elderly.  
We don't expect that the elderly when they're in 
their 70s are going to have to go out and farm  
in the fields, we think that their children will 
look after them maybe, but in a society where the  
children are no longer able to look after their 
elderly parents, then there's a stronger argument  
that the state can step in through social 
pensions. So, you know these developmental  
programmes are very important, but they are not 
a substitute I think for social protection cash  
transfers programmes. And the second question 
is about fiscal space and affordability or the  
affordability gap, the point I'm trying to 
make here Paul, is that experts can assess  
that there is fiscal space for more spending, 
for more government spending, experts can advise  
that government can increase its revenues through 
extra taxation, for example and often I think in  
Africa, this is absolutely true that governments 
are under taxing their populations, especially  
the richer members in their populations, that's 
the one side, the fiscal space side. On the other  
hand, though governments are very reluctant to 
allocate very large sums of social protection  
programmes, they have extra money, they'll say 
maybe we should spend it on infrastructure, maybe  
we should spend it on agricultural development 
programmes. So, I think we must recognise that  
even if we can see that there is fiscal space in 
a country, it's another matter to persuade the  
government that allocating increased spending for 
social protection programmes as their priority,  
so we really need to identify on which 
kinds of issues, which kinds of designs  
the governments are most likely to be sympathetic 
to expanding social protection, thank you. Great,  
thanks for that Jeremy, some great points there 
about the importance of pensions in the role of  
building social protection systems and I think 
it raises the point of what you might, if I might  
interject a question here, what you see as the 
role of pensions in establishing social protection  
systems and is that part of the beginnings of a 
true system from your work, from your research.  
So, well yes Daniel, well historically I think 
this is key to the case that in several parts of  
Africa, notably South Africa and Mauritius which 
are really the pioneers, [inaudible] the pensions  
the old age pensions [inaudible]. Jeremy, 
we seem to have lost you, the audio there,  
so I'm just going to bring in Barry Herman who 
has a question for Aura I think or Ms. Sevilla,  
Barry if you would like to go ahead and ask that 
question while we get Jeremy back, that would be  
great. Okay, can you hear me, is this unmuted. 
Yes, I can, I can hear you perfectly. Yeah so,  
I'm very, this is really a great discussion, 
very concrete and thank you for it, I think when  
actually it's Africa as well as the Philippines, 
when advocates go and talk to social ministries  
or members of Parliament and say yes, you know 
we need these social protection programmes and  
they are told yes but there's okay wonderful 
but there's no money. The answer requires some  
understanding of taxation and sources of fiscal 
revenue and so I wondering you know do you find  
allies who are knowledgeable about this, you 
know it would seem you have to be a public  
finance person, you know to get these things to 
answer the critics however important it is, you  
know not infrastructure versus social security but 
both somehow appropriately financed and of course,  
by taxing the risk, you know or at least those 
who can afford taxing the multinational firms  
that are operating in the country, et cetera, 
that's my question. Do you find the allies,  
where do you find. Yeah, sure Barry, that's a 
very good question, Aura would you like to address  
that. Yes, I think that's something that we're 
kind of fortunate about, recently the government  
has started the discussion on the comprehensive 
tax reform, so which covers a lot of tax reforms  
dealing with decreasing the income tax but as well 
increasing the excess taxes. So, where did we,  
we found couple of allies who are working 
with for instance the reduction of debt,  
the debt servicing because Philippines is the 
only country in the world who have this law  
which is automatic appropriations or automatic 
debt servicing law which makes debt service as  
the number one priority in the government budget 
so that's very unique to us so we found this ally  
which working on repealing that law. It should not 
be that debt service that we need to prioritise,  
but social services. So, that's where we found 
them, so basically we look for those organisations  
who shared the same vision, who also thinks that 
social services, social protection should be  
the first in the budget prioritisations of the 
government and then we work with them closely,  
like we participate under annual plannings, 
we participate on joint rallies, organisation,  
even if it's not only for social pension but we 
join them just to show our support as well to  
their advocacies so that they can also support 
our advocacy. So, that's how we increase our  
allies in terms of advocating for increased money 
for social pension and social protection also. I  
hope I answered that question. Thank you for that 
Aura. We're just going to have to sort of wrap up  
here a little bit, so we only have time for a 
couple more questions that will be asked by me,  
simply because to get through some of these. 
Now, the first question is from Vincent for  
Aura and the second will be for Jeremy 
from Nicholo. Aura, Vincent would like  
to know if you could describe where the money 
comes from in terms of financing the universal  
pension and also what would be the approach of 
providing the pension to the informal sector or  
the poor who have never required any form of 
income is from your opinion. And for Jeremy,  
there is a question from Nicholo, he would like 
to know about the old age pension in South Africa,  
being one of the most generous and it's kind of 
cross-emerging economies and if you could discuss  
the current challenges fiscal and otherwise and 
the public opinions involved in those, excuse me,  
and the future of the programmes. It's quite a 
big question and if you could both just maybe  
consolidate towards five minutes each, that would 
be perfect and we will just like to let everyone  
else know, we will address these offline and put 
them on the website, so Aura you may proceed. Yes,  
okay thank you Vincent for that question, 
to tell you honestly, social pension,  
the advocacy for social pension has just started 
so the discussion on this universal social pension  
was just initiated last, actually last November 
but this has always been, always been the big  
question how to finance it, so we took a lot of 
time actually looking at how it would be financed,  
to tell you honestly, the current fiscal space 
is really huge, the government [inaudible] a huge  
sums of money for the pensions of the military 
which is enough to fund universal but will only  
benefit 3% of senior citizens. But they've 
done so, so this is what Jeremy is telling,  
financing universal pension is really a political 
question as well even technically there is some  
money if the political will of the government 
or the president is not merely on it, we would  
have a very huge problem with that, so to give a 
story, to give you short answer, at the current  
fiscal space, of the country of the Philippines, 
it can't finance universal social pension without  
doing any, any tax reforms first but what we 
put it in our report, given in the medium term  
and in the long-term what we are proposing is what 
we've mentioned about repealing the debt services,  
like somewhat loosening up some of the payments 
that we give out for debt payment to this one.  
And then another one is the lump sum, government 
has many understandings in the couple of years,  
they've not spent well the recent budget so, I 
would like to make this to cross this unspent  
budget towards universal social pension. So, 
that's just two major ones and then of course also  
the tax reform on increasing domestic revenues. 
So, on what pension to informal sector that's what  
the social pension is for, that's why we'd like 
to prioritise first those who do not have pension,  
so we call this pension tested, to be part of the 
universal social pension because those who have  
contributory pension just had an increase of their 
pension from the government and from the private  
sector but the social pension have increased since 
2010 since it was passed and it doesn't cover much  
of the informal sector so that's why we'd like 
it to be universal after those who do not have  
pension at all which are basically coming from 
the informal sector, so those are just my quick  
response to Vincent question. Thank you, Aura for 
that sorry I had a bit of technical difficulties  
there. Jeremy, I wonder if you could address, 
are you back with us did your audio come back  
on. I'm here, I'm here. Great, great so just 
to remind you the question from Nicholo was on  
whether or not you can elaborate just on the old 
age pension in South Africa being so generous and  
what you see as the current challenges fiscal and 
otherwise, specifically concerning public opinions  
and the future of the programme. That's a good 
question because the South African social pension,  
old age pension is very generous, it pays 
more than 100 US Dollars a month or the  
equivalent which is ten times as much as the 
pensions in Zanzibar and several times higher  
than the pensions in Botswana. It's a generous 
pension, it's not universal but it goes to almost  
everybody, the means-test just excludes the rich 
so it's goes to 80 to 90% of the elderly people  
and it costs well over 1% of GDP but it got there 
over quite a long period of time and as a series  
of smaller spending decisions, so it started 
off as a cheap programme, it slowly expanded  
and it slowly became more generous but aside from 
the cases that's unusual, because it originated in  
a very unusual context which was the highly racist 
context of Apartheid. When Apartheid state you  
remember wanted to provide generously for white 
citizens and to exclude the black population and  
it became a generous programme. Everybody, when 
provision for white citizens was extended to black  
citizens as well, so it's got very accidental 
origins in a way, very unusual origins, but it is  
a very, now a very generous and a very extensive 
programme. What's interesting about it is that  
everybody takes it for granted, nobody questions 
it, it has total support. You ask politicians or  
you ask ordinary people, almost everybody says 
we should be giving pensioners more, nobody  
questions it and it's a very important lesson here 
which is that when a programme is seen to be fair,  
even if it's an expensive programme it builds up 
really very, very strong support base, in South  
Africa the elderly people look after often 
grandchildren, they look after other kin,  
a huge support for this programme and I 
think it's not surprising that in other  
parts of Africa old pension are also often been 
the most popular programme, for similar reasons,  
if you help the elderly, you're helping people 
who are seen as deserving and you're helping other  
people indirectly because the elderly typically 
help their grandchildren and other poorer members  
of their family. So it is a slightly accidental 
programme, it's a slightly accidental success  
story but it's one which does have important 
lessons. The important lesson I think is if  
you can expand a programme slowly and it's seen 
as being fair to build, it will build support  
for social protection generally and opens up the 
possibility of all sorts of other programmes being  
introduced, that's the real lesson. Great, 
thanks very much for that Jeremy and Aura,  
thank you very much for your useful comments, 
again I can say this again that it's very nice  
to have a macro-comparative experience from Jeremy 
and also Aura, your very hands-on experience in  
dealing with the Philippines, social pension. We'd 
like to wrap up there and just remind our audience  
if you could please fill out the survey to help 
us make this webinar series better. We will be  
having another webinar series in the future so 
if you've enjoyed this, we'll have much of the  
same kind coming up in 2017 and you're welcome to 
join that and please stay on socialprotection.org  
and invite your other colleagues to 
join this as well. We'd like to promote  
dialogue and discussion regarding not just 
providing services benefits but also finding  
the fiscal space and the political space to 
make that happen. I 'd like to say a special  
thanks again to Jeremy and Aura for joining 
us today, it's quite late in the Philippines I  
know so Aura has done us the grace of staying 
on late for us, thank you very much Aura and  
Jeremy. Daniel. Thank you too, yeah. Bye also 
everyone. Thank you that concludes our webinar.
