Idols, finally, I got brain!
Think however you want. All I'm saying is now, I have pork brain.
For now, let's cook sisig.
Welcome to Panlasang Pinoy! Today we will cook air fryer sisig, idols!
You will do it Pampanga style where Sisig originated.
Here are the ingredients we need for our recipe.
Pork mask and pork belly.
Minced garlic.
Peppercorn.
Calamansi
Dried bay leaves.
Onion.
White vinegar.
Chicken liver.
Thai chilli pepper.
Fish sauce.
We will also use water.
Here are the complete list of ingredients.
You may also visit panlasangpinoy.com for the complete recipe. If you're ready, let's go!
Bring the pork mask and pork belly to boil. While waiting, add the other ingredients.
Cracked pepper corn.
Dried bay leaves.
Garlic and onion.
Stir for a bit then cover the pot and bring to boil.
It's no boiling. Stir again for a bit to distribute the ingredients.
For those who are confused, the pork mask is the face of the pig including the ears.
Let it boil for another hour or until the pork is tender.
While waiting, prepare the other ingredients.
Steam the chicken liver and pork brain.
As you can see I placed it in a bowl and I will bring water to boil in a separate pan.
You will notice the brain is already melted. This is what happens when you put it in the freezer and then defrost it.
It's all pork brain. We cannot bring the pork brain to boil because then it will just mix with the water.
You can boil the chicken liver, however, there's still a chance that it will be shredded.
Cover the pop and steam for about 20 minutes.
I think it's cooked.
The brain it's obviously cooked. The chicken liver is cooked as well. Let's set these aside.
Later on let's check the pork.
After one hour of boiling, this should be tender.
The park mask is really the fatty part of the pig.
Here's the pork belly.
If you can poke it well with the fork then this is already good.
Turn up the heat, remove the pork from the pot, then let it cool down.
Once it's cooled down, then we can air fry it.
If grilling is not allowed in your place,  condominium for example, then this dish is good for you.
This is okay.
Here's a bonus for those who really want the taste of the smoked pork for sisig,
I have here liquid smoke, I will only brush a little on the pork while it's cooling down.
So, when we air fry it, there will still be that smoky flavor. That's a hack for you.
Another thing I noticed, idols is that no matter how thorough you are, there will still be bits of pork hair.
Cooking torch will help remove all the hair.
Do this only when there's still hair. If you're going to grill it then you don't need the torch at all.
We can now cook it on the air fryer to make it crispier.
I will cook it at 400 degree Fahrenheit for about 30 minutes
While cooking, flip it from time to time. Repeat the process until the pork is crispy enough.
Well we think let's prepare the other ingredients that will add flavor to our dish. First, chop the chili.
this is enough.
This time we will not saute the onion.
You will see later that the result is fantastic.
This is enough.
Let's move on to chicken liver and pork brain.
Mix chicken liver and pork brain.
It's important to mash these ingredients.
We want it to be like paste. Almost like a liver spread.
There you go.
Now, add calamansi, vinegar, fish sauce, and brown sugar.
Add ground black pepper. This is different from the cracked peppercorn earlier.
Add the thai chilli pepper and a little bit of salt.
Mix well.
If some of you are wondering why sometimes this dish is not dry, this is why.
Set this aside and let's check the pork in the air fryer.
After 15 minutes this is how it looks like. But this is still not enough, we will flip it.
What's important is that both sides should be exposed to the heat to make it crispier.
Continue air frying.
Let's check again. I have a feeling this is already good.
This is how we want it to be. Very crispy.
Let it cool down.
Onve it's cooled down, I will chop it and mix it with the other ingredients.
After air frying, chop the pork into tiny pieces.
You can hear the crispiness while we're chopping.
This is small enough for us to enjoy the crispiness.
Mix well and you will notice that the dish will start to moist. The more moist, the more flavorful.
We're not yet done. Our dish will be more complete if we add onion.
Like I've said earlier, we don't have to saute. This be cooked more once we transfer it to a sizzling plate.
This is not Knorr video but I want to be honest and honestly, this will taste even better with Knoee liquid seasoning.
That's my tip, trust me. If not, then it's okay.
Let's transfer it to a sizzling plate with matching margarine.
Then, let's taste test.
Heat margarin in the sizzling plate. You can also use butter.
Add the sisig.
Distribute the sisig in the metal plate and cook for about 5 minutes while continuously stirring.
Stir and place the bottom part on top to distribute the margarine from the bottom.
Add lime or calamansi on top. You can also add egg. Pampanga style orignally don't have egg so it's optional.
Also, add chilli. After that, let's serve it.
Here is our air fryer sisig, Pampanga style.
Again, the egg is optional.
Come on, let's eat!
As you can see, it's very easy specially when you have air fryer.
I hope you try this recipe. Please follow our social media accounts.
Please subscribe to our youtube channel.
Also, please follow me on my Tiktok: vanjomerano.
Thank you so much for supporting Panlasang Pinoy. For any suggestions, just leave a message in Instagram or leave a comment below.
See you on our next videos.
We will cook more delicious recipes!
Until next time!
