Welcome to Panlasang Pinoy! I'm Vanjo Merano
today we'll be making a remake video for our Chicken Afritada Recipe
The first version was uploaded quite some time already. We revised it so you can easily follow the recipe.
and here are the ingredients we need
here is the Chicken, cut into serving pieces
potato, cut into cubes
carrots
we'll also be using tomato sauce
hotdog
frozen green peas
we also need dried bay leaves
onions
and garlic
aside from these ingredients, we also need chicken broth or chicken stock
sugar
cooking oil
salt
and ground black pepper
and here is the complete list of all the ingredients and their measurements
Are you ready? Let's start cooking!
put cooking oil in a pot, preheat
put onions when ready
you may use any type of onions
cook for 30 seconds before adding the garlic
we may now add our minced garlic, minced means chopped into pieces
you may also use diced garlic
continue cooking until onions are soft
you may notice that the onions are now soft and garlic turns to light brown
this means we may now add the chicken
I'm using Chicken thigh but may use any chicken cut
you may use drumstick or chicken breast
I usually cook the  half part for 30 seconds
then I flip it over and continue cooking the other side for another 30 seconds
then we may now add our tomato sauce
Chicken Afritada always comes with tomato sauce
because by definition, this is a kind of Chicken stew with tomato based sauce
so we may either use tomato sauce, canned diced tomato, fresh tomatoes and even crushed tomatoes
this is now our Chicken broth
we may either use chicken stock or water
If you'll be using water, add 1 chicken cube so it would be flavorful
cover so it would simmer faster
once simmered, add "pinatuyong dahon ng laurel" or dried bay leaves
there
Mix. Then add dried bay leaves
this adds smell and flavor to our Chicken Afritada
cover and let it simmer for another 30 minutes on medium heat
add water or chicken broth if necessary
don't forget to mix it every once in a while
now we may add other ingredients
here goes our Filipino red hotdogs, which is unsual in America but is available in Filipino Stores
you may use beef franks as a substitute
hotdog is an optional ingredient
here is our carrots, cook for 2-3 minutes
let us now add the potatoes
what I am using is the regular baking potato
make sure that the tomatoes touches the sauce so it would cook fast
and then cover
continue cooking for 5 - 8 minutes, on medium heat
Let's mix it.
and then add the green peas
What I am using here are frozen green peas, but you may also use canned green peas
mix and cover again
cook for another 2 minutes
there, it's ready
we are almost done, we just have to season this
I add a little bit of sugar to balance the flavor
here goes our ground black pepper
and I'll be also adding salt
that's all the seasoning we need
now all we have have to do is mix it to make sure that our seasoning is evenly distributed
and then, transfer to a serving bowl then serve
here it is, our Chicken Afritada!
Let's have a taste!
I will now have a taste of our Chicken Afritada
Smells good!
I haven't even tasted yet it smells so good!
makes me crave so much
this is the Chicken with the hotdog
Mmm~ Delicious!
let me have another one
Mmm~
voracious, eh? I just had a bite then have another one
this is so delicious
This recipe so basic yet so delicious.
and the Chicken is perfectly cooked
Mmm~
just had a mouthful
this hotdog is mild in flavor but blends with the tomato sauce and the chicken
Mmm~
Yum yum!
let me have some green peas and carrot
Great! So Delicious!
See? Chicken Afritada is a very dish and can be made on a daily basis
If you are running out of ideas what to cook for lunch or for dinner, try this Chicken Afritada. It can be a good option!
maybe you would like it
aside from chicken, you may use this recipe with pork
I think this is a really great recipe!
now let me greet the following:
these are our youtuber friends who always comments on our videos
Hello to May Garcia and Mitch Escoria
to Bernadette Bernardo, to Simply Sitty, to Dolly Maranan
Hello to you too Ely Salvador
Derick Smith, to Imelda Agra
also to Our Life in Australia-Philippines
Hi to Tintin Madriaga, to Rin Diaz, Anne Perez, Pogi IT,
to Arkin Amber, Revelyn Egargo, Leonardo de Guerto and to Dutchess Anne
Hello to Norilyn dela Peña, to MJ Reggie and to Catherin Wang
Hi as well to Maricel Corpuz, to Michelle Volaño Vlogs, to Jolian Dolante
to Princess Marlein Antonio and to Clyde Humphry
Thank you very much for watching our videos
I hope that I demonstrated cooking Chicken Afritada much clearer
and for those who's new in the kitchen, I hope you learn something new today
thank you very much for your support on our videos
most specially to those who's always tuned in, thank you very much
and if you are new here at Panlasang Pinoy, we have a lot of video recipes available for you
I hope you watch and try our recipes
If you like this recipe, don't forget to like this video
and if you haven't subscribe yet, Please don't forget to subscribe so that you'll be notified for our upcoming videos
for feedback and suggestions or recipe request, kindly comment below
Thank you very much and see you on our next video, till then!
