This is my kind of lechon kawali.
Tender and juicy in the inside, but
extra crispy on the outside.
I call this Super Crispy
Lechon Kawali
Are you excited to learn how to make this dish?
Here's the list of ingredients we're going to use.
Let's get started on our Super Crispy Lechon Kawali!
I'm going to heat some water here because the first
thing we need to do is boil our pork belly.
Now that the water's boiling, let's add the bay leaves or dried laurel leaves.
Let's put it straight in here.
This serves as an aromatic
for the dish we're making.
Afterwards, let's add some whole peppercorns.
There we go.
And now, we'll add the pork belly.
Here's the pork belly.
I'm using the whole cut of pork belly here.
I'll tell you why later.
Let's bring the water to a boil again,
then we'll add the cover.
After a few minutes of boiling,
I'm going to flip the pork, that way
it's going to cook evenly and the skin
would cook thoroughly. This will help make our lechon kawali even crispier later.
 
Carefully, now.
Let's just flip this over.
And let's cover this again.
We'll continue to let this boil
until the pork is completely tender.
Afterwards, let's take this out of our cooking pot.
We'll put this on a regular plate for now
and let its temperature cool down.
Once the temperature has cooled down enough
that we can handle the pork,
we'll take some salt
and use it to season the meat.
Let's start with the skin
and rub the salt into the pork.
Make sure that the salt is evenly distributed.
This is what's going to add taste to our lechon kawali.
Let's flip this over and do the same with the other side.
We're going to keep rubbing the pork
and we'll get the sides too.
After we're done, we'll let this sit for a few minutes.
This way, the pork can absorb the salt.
Now let's fry the pork belly.
I just took some oil and put it in the cooking pot.
I've already heated it up. Once the oil is hot,
we'll carefully add the pork belly into the pot.
That way, we can start frying it to get it crispy.
Now the oil is at just the right temperature,
we'll go ahead and fry our pork belly.
I'll put the side with the skin facing the bottom.
There we go.
And I'll immediately put a splatter screen over this, so we'll have some protection from the oil splatter.
We'll let this cook for a few minutes.
Now, let's flip this over
to cook the other side.
We'll know that
one side is cooked once we could no longer hear the
loud splattering noises from the oil.
Of, course, we still have to turn this carefully.
Do you notice that?
One side is kind of cooked, buy we're not going to fully cook this.
What I do is I first partially cook
the part with the skin, then we're going to cook
the other side.
And after this is done, we'll take our pork belly
out of the cooking pot.
And we'll let it rest for a few minutes.
We'll fry this twice so it will become crispier.
After a few minutes, we'll take the
pork out of the pot.
And we'll go ahead and put it
on a plate.
We'll let it rest for a while.
As you can see, one side is all cooked.
And I'll put this on the plate
I put some grates on here so the oil can drip onto the plate.
And we'll let this rest for a few minutes.
Now we're ready to fry
our lechon kawali again
so it'll get even more crispy.
I'll put this back into the pot,
and we'll only be cooking the side with the skin.
We're only cooking the skin-side
because this is the part that we want to be very crispy.
Earlier, I mentioned why we use a large cut
of pork belly for this.
Even if we want to achieve a super crispy lechon kawali,
of course, the inside of this shouldn't be all too crispy,
it should still be tender. That's why
we're using a larger slab or cut of pork belly here.
That way, it will be crispy on the outside,
but the inside will stay tender
and juicy.
If we cut this like liempo
into thinner slices and deep fried it like this,
it will still get crispy,
but even the insides will turn crispy too.
It's up to you whether you want the inside crispy too.
What we're trying to do here is make it crispy on the outside
but keep it tender and juicy in the inside.
Alright, guys. Now, it's ready.
We can no take our lechon kawali out of the cooking pot
and it should be really crispy right about now.
Carefully.
Can you notice?
The skin is all crispy and ready to go.
I'm going to put this back on the plate with the grate on it,
then we'll let the oil drip for a while.
Afterwards, we'll just let the temperature cool down.
once the temperature has cooled down, this will be ready to be chopped.
Now that a few minutes have gone by,
the temperature of the lechon kawali has cooled down a bit.
I'll just show you how crispy this is
before we chop it.
Can you hear that sound?
That's how crispy the outside is on
our Super Crispy Lechon Kawali
We can serve this with a side of lechon sauce
or we can serve it with a dipping sauce of spicy vinegar
with a bit of soy sauce and garlic.
Now, let's go ahead and chop this.
You can tell just by the sound how crispy it is, right?
 
Here, you can see what I was talking about earlier.
On the outside, it's super crispy
but in the inside, it's still tender and juicy.
There you have it.
It's still a bit hot in the inside, but this temperature is just right
we're still able to handle it.
After this, we'll keep cutting it into smaller pieces,
then let's serve it along with our favorite sauce.
For the complete recipe, go ahead and visit panlasangpinoy.com
Thank you so much for watching this video!
And if you haven't subscribed yet,
I hope you'll  subscribe here to our Youtube channel!
Now, here is our
Super Crispy Lechon Kawali!
