welcome to Panlasang Pinoy! I'm Vanjo Merano. How are you? 
today we'll cook Lumpiang Sariwa with Fresh Lumpia Wrapper
here are the ingredients for this recipe
cabbage or "repolyo", sliced into small pieces
sweet potato or "kamote", soaked in water so it won't oxidize or turn to color brown. We'll remove the water later
tofu. This is an extra firm Tofu. Fried then sliced into small cubes
all purpose flour or "harina", we'll use this in making our lumpia wrapper later
small shrimps, this is usally sold as frozen, without head and shell
if this is not available in your location, you may use an ordinary shrimp. Slice it into small pieces
baguio beans, thinly sliced
carrot, sliced into thin strips like matchsticks
we call it julienne
parsley, chopped. But not finely chopped.
"asukal na pula" or brown sugar
2 pieces of eggs, we'll use these eggs in making lumpia wrapper later
cornstarch
grounded "mani" or peanuts
onion, you may use either yellow or white onion
minced garlic or "bawang"
Knorr shrimp cube
we'll use this for the filling
we'll saute this together with tofu, shrimp and vegetables
aside from these ingredients, we'll need water, cooking oil for the saute process and in the making of the lumpia wrapper
we'll also use soysauce, fish sauce and ground black pepper
if you're ready, let's start
preheat pan or wok like this one
then add cooking oil
the first thing we need to prepare in making fresh lumpia is the filling. We'll saute here the tofu, shrimp, vegetables
after the filling is the fresh lumpia wrapper
after that is the lumpia sauce
so we'll do 3 processes
it needs a bit of hard work but it's going to be worth it
wait for the pan to heat up then we'll add the onion and garlic
the cooking oil is is now hot
spread it across the wok
alright
we'll now add the onion. As mentioned earlier, this is white onion chopped into small pieces
after a few sesonds, we can add the garlic right away
here goes the minced garlic
add half of the garlic because the other half will be used for the lumpia sauce later. Let's set this aside
continue to saute, it's very simple
this is how we saute. If you're a regular viewer of Panlasang Pinoy, and if you are cooking Filipino food daily,
perhaps you already know how to saute
we are going to saute the garlic and onion until it's cooked
and then we'll add the sweet potato
I think it's ready, the onion is soft, the garlic is turning brown
let's now add the sweet potato
here's goes the "kamote" or sweet potato
I peeled the sweet potato then cut into cubes
we added the sweet potato first because it's the hardest ingredient
so we need to soften it. We don't use any meat so this is the first one to saute since the tofu is already cooked and the shrimp can be easily cooked
continue to saute for 30 seconds to 1 minute
let's add water because we need to soften the sweet potato
there you go
let it simmer
once simmered, continue cooking in medium heat. Let the water evaporate
once the water had evaporated, it means it's soft and we can continue the saute process
see, most of the water evaporated
and we can now add the Knorr shrimp cube
I'm using this in dishes like Lumpiang Sariwa so we can have that shrimpy flavor
then mix
better if we crush it so it's easier to spread
it's easy right? Once it's cushed, continue to saute with the sweet potato
at this point, the sweet potato is soft
next step is to add the other ingredients
here goes the "tokwa" or extra firm tofu
I want to reiterate that we use the extra firm tofu. There are many types of tofu in the market depending on your location
the usual tofu in the Philippines is the extra firm
but if you're outside Philippines, you can see different types of tofu
the extra firm type is firm and is usually used in making "tokwa't baboy" (tofu and pork)
after the tofu is the shrimp
this is a small type of shrimp. You may opt not to add shrimp because we already added Knorr shrimp cube or the other tip I mentioned
if you really want shrimp, a regular sized shrimp. Just cut it into small pieces
here goes the carrot
julienne or cut into strips or matchsticks
(add Baguio beans) so just add altogether. It's that easy to cook Lumpiang Sariwa
this is the filling, we just need to saute all together
next is the "repolyo" or cabbage
continue to saute
after this is the fresh lumpia wrapper. It's literally fresh because we're going to make it from scratch
see? It's fun! It's requires a bit of hard work but it's all worth it once you have done your own Lumpiang Sariwa
like what I'm doing. We cooked the filling,
then you cook the wrapper, see? Not everyone can do that!
and then you cook the sauce. Isn't it awesome?
cooking all those 3 by your own is a big accomplishment
stick to video so I can help you how to do it
after sauteing, season with fish sauce and ground black pepper
at this point, we're done cooking the filling. The vegetables are perfectly cooked
I don't want the vegetables to be fully cook because I don't want it to be saggy
so next is seasoning. Here goes the fish sauce and ground black pepper
mix
it's fragrant! I can smell the fish sauce together with the other ingredients! It's so appetizing
but we're not yet done. This is just the initial step
after the first step is the second step
let's set aside the filling
then we'll make the lumpia wrapper, rather, fresh lumpia wrapper
this is the step where we'll make the fresh lumpia wrapper
we need water, egg, cooking oil and all purpose flour or "harina"
for those who haven't tried making their own fresh lumpia wrapper. I'd say it's better than the commercial lumpia wrapper because it's softer
don't be afraid, this is not difficult
let's start
crack the egg. Place it in a big mixing bowl.
So we're cracking the egg
then whisk or beat quickly
while beating, let's add the cooking oil. You can use either canola oil, vegetable oil, even coconut oil will do. We don't have preference
mix well
then let's add water
I'm using water but you can also use fresh milk if you want your lumpia wrapper to be tastier
I'm showing you that I can use water because it's cheaper and simple
there you go. While mixing well, slowly add the "harina" or all purpose flour
it's better to add the flour slowly so you can mix well the mixture
and add more flour once you have mixed well the previously added flour
there you go. Continue the process until you finish the flour
and then we're ready to cook the fresh lumpia wrapper
It's better to use non stick pan so it wouldn't be difficult to remove the lumpia wrapper
this is the non stick pan and I'm going to use cooking oil spray
and here it is
cooking oil spray. If you don't have this, you may grease thinly the pan with a regular cooking oil
heat the pan and spray some cooking oil. Yup, there you go
and then, get the mixture we made earlier
take 1/3 cup of the mixture (let's estimate 1/3 cup..a bit more)
then swirl the pan to spread the mixture
then wait for it to cook. In medium heat, for about 1 minute - 1 min and 10 sec
but of course see to it yourself
you'll notice that the wrapper is rising
see? It's from liquid state to solid state
it's easy to remove especially if you're using non stick pan because we're just going to slide this
one indicator that it's cooked is when you shake the pan, the wrapper slides and doesn't stick anymore
let's try
notice that the top part is not yet cooked
but it's almost done
it's sliding now, do not do this if you're a newbie it's very hot
I just want to check with my hands but you may just shake
this what mean by ready
transfer the first lumpia wrapper in a plate
slide it. There you go, very simple. Then let's do the next one
repeat the steps until we finish the mixture
spray here a bit of cooking oil
then let's add the mixture. 1, around 1/3 cup - 1/2 cup, that's the ideal measurement
there you go, so
if you see bubbles, you can lower the heat between low to medium
I saw mine has bubbles
if you see some area that is not enough, add the mixture there to make a whole
then we'll wait again for the lumpia wrapper to cook
then we'll remove it from the pan
it's done
same thing, slide and transfer here in the plate
let's make another one
see guys? It's very easy. We didn't use other tools. We just slide it across the pan
so why is it easy to slide the wrapper?
compared to the commercial wrapper in the market, the harder ones. The one we have here is soft
because we added cooking oil. Oil helps to keep the wrapper soft
if we did not add cooking oil, the wrapper will harden and if we try to roll it, it will crack
our lumpia wrapper is done. Next is the lumpia sauce
let's set this aside and change the pan
set aside, there you go
here's our sauce pan, let's heat it up
the ingredients we need to for the sauce are soysauce, the remaining garlic, water and "asukal na pula" or brown sugar
hmm. Why are we calling it "asukal na pula (red)" but the color is brown. Ok nevermind
add water to the sauce pan
it became hot very quick, that's why the water sounds like that
then wait for it to boil
the water is now boiling
let's add the "asukal na pula" or brown sugar
there you go
here goes the soysauce
I'll include the garlic here
some people make the raw garlic as toppings
but some people don't want to eat raw garlic because the taste is so powerful, so I'll add this while cooking the sauce
mix well
we're dissolving the sugar and cooking the garlic so the taste wouldn't be too powerful
it's simmering
lower down the heat
the next step is easy. We'll add the cornstarch diluted in water
it means, we mix well the cornstarch with water using a teaspoon
that is our cornstarch mixture
do not add abruptly. We'll add little by little
then mix well the lumpia sauce mixture
wait for it to cook and  you'll notice that the sauce thickens
do not add all mixture at once because it might get too thick which makes it difficult to mix. Make the thickness just right
I think the thickness is not enough
so it means, we'll add more cornstarch mixture
if we ran out of cornstarch mixture but the sauce is still not thick enough, make another cornstarch mixture
this is the desired consistency
the sauce is ready. Let's set this aside
we'll assemble the lumpia
now, we have gathered all the ingredients in assembling the lumpia
but before that, here's lettuce
sorry I wasn't able to present this in the introduction of ingredients
we'll place it on the lumpia wrapper, so include this on your ingredients list
I'll show you the complete list of ingredients later after assembling this
get a fresh lumpia wrapper
there you go. Place it here
then lettuce
here in the middle
this is the cooked filling we made earlier and this is the chopped parsley
let's put the filling on top of the lettuce
it's up to you how much filling you want to put
arrange it. Add parsley on top or you can also cook the parsley together with the filling
then fold the wrapper
let's secure the lumpia
fold the bottom, then..make it fit, if you make it more fit the better. Press it a bit
once you have folded here, secure the other side, there you go
fold both sides. Be careful in folding because if you forced it, it might tear up. The wrapper is soft
so that's it
then transfer the lumpia in a serving plate
slide it down to make sure it won't break
then let's repeat the procedure
get a lumpia wrapper
get a lettuce. Place an excess portion of the tip over here for presentation
there you go
then topping, then parsley
then secure the bottom part
then fold both left and right. Squeeze like this to fit in and secure
because the lettuce pushes the wrapper. There you go
see? Then fold the other side
I'm folding it carefully. I don't want this to break
can you see the bubbles here? That happens if you use high heat
it's not perfect but the others are ok
so maintain in medium heat. I kept on talking earlier so the pan is too hot before I placed the mixture
so just keep in mind to cook in medium heat
place it here in the serving plate
let's repeat the process. Get another wrapper
I'll make another one
for the presentation's sake, I'll replace the lumpia with bubbles with a better one
let me assemble this one
let's put it here
aside from lumpiang sariwa, we can also make lumpia ng ubod
rather Lumpiang Ubod, not lumpia ng ubod
Lumpiang ubod uses heart of palm, I'll show you how to do it
the process is the same. The only difference is the filling
instead of these ingredients, we'll use heart of palm. That's one of my favorite versions of fresh lumpia
just fold and secure
both sides, there you go
it's done
this looks good
this is the replacement for the middle one
the middle lumpia has bubbles
although it's still presentable. But it has bubbles
I'll set this aside
I'll put it here
I'm replacing it with a new one
it's very simple
arrange it in the middle
there you go
it's ready
let's put the sauce
get ready with the peanuts. The sauce is a bit cooler now but it's still hot
place it here. There you go
let's be generous with the sauce
we have a lot
there you go
so now we have the lumpia sauce
after the sauce is the crushed peanuts
alright
let me spread this a bit
it's all done
here's our lumpiang sariwa with fresh lumpia wrapper
let's have a taste
I don't want to ruin this presentation, so I'll eat the one with bubble
but before that, here is the complete list of ingredients for this recipe with measurements
let's take this one
add sauce then it's ready
here it goes. See guys, once you added the sauce, you will not see the bubbles anymore
alright
it's ready. Let's have a taste
there you go. The lettuce is crunchy. Can you hear it?
it will be great if you try and master this recipe
you can make some of these for special occasions
mmm~
of course the sauce was the first one I've tasted
it's perfect
the sweetness, consistency, and the garlic is perfect it's not over powering
so if you're afraid of eating raw garlic, don't be. We already cooked the garlic
in the filling, the sweet potato was perfectly cooked
it's not too hard nor too soft, it's just right
after this, I'll eat another one. It's delicious
Mmm~
I already ate it in front of you
I'll just finish this later
sorry guys, it was too good. So,
There you go, here's our lumpiang sariwa with lumpia wrapper
with lumpia wrapper
please don't forget to visit PanlasangPinoy.com. All our recipes are posted there
our youtube videos are also connected there so you refer there
thank you so much for watching our video
especially our Lumpiang Sariwa Video
I hope you won't get tired of supporting and watching
watch out for more upcoming videos
for those who are watching that haven't subscribe yet, please subscribe to our Panlasang Pinoy Youtube channel
so Youtube can notify you once there's a new video upload
thank you so much, see you next time!
